One hundred days ago, I took the oath of office and made a pledge: We are not merely going to transfer political power from one party to another, but instead are going to transfer that power from Washington, D.C., and give it back to the people.In the past 100 days, I have kept that promise -- and more.Issue by issue, department by department, we are giving the people their country back. After decades of a shrinking middle class, open borders and the mass offshoring of American jobs and wealth, this government is working for the citizens of our country and no one else.The same establishment media that concealed these problems -- and profited from them -- is obviously not going to tell this story. That is why we are taking our message directly to America.We have opened the White House doors to listen, engage and act. We've invited in labor leaders, factory owners, police officers, farmers, veterans and Democrats, Republicans and independents.The change began with the termination of the Trans-Pacific Partnership -- a 12-nation pact that would have shipped millions more jobs to other countries.But leaving the TPP was only the beginning. We have also launched an investigation into foreign trading abuses and taken steps to protect the production of American steel and aluminum. After years of federal contracts going to foreign bidders, we are ensuring that government agencies enforce "Buy American" rules and give preference to American companies -- and that American companies hire American workers.Crucially, to bring back our jobs, we are going to pursue a complete renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement: We've lost nearly a third of our manufacturing jobs in the 23 years since that terrible deal was approved.At the center of our economic agenda, we've undertaken the most far-reaching effort in history to remove job-killing regulations. I've ordered that for every one new regulation, two old regulations must be eliminated. We've signed a record 13 Congressional Review Act resolutions to scrap job-crushing regulations, and I've signed 29 pieces of legislation in total -- a mark not surpassed in the first 100 days since Harry S. Truman.Those newly enacted laws include Veterans' Choice legislation -- which became law while at the same time we've increased by 42 percent the number of veterans approved to see the doctor of their choosing. And we've provided transparency by publishing all wait times at the Veterans Affairs health system online, backed up by a new Veterans Affairs Office of of Accountability. On energy, the change has been profound. We've canceled restrictions on the production of oil, natural gas and clean coal.What we've accomplished on immigration and criminal enforcement is nothing short of historic. After decades of unending illegal immigration and mass uncontrolled entry, we've turned the tide as never before Ñ illegal border-crossings are down 73 percent. Visa processes are being reformed to substantially improve vetting and screening, and we've launched prototypes and bidding for the border wall to stop the scourge of drugs, human trafficking and illegal immigrants from coming into our country.Federal law enforcement has begun a crackdown on sanctuary cities that harbor criminal aliens -- because we know the first duty of government is to protect American citizens.The Departments of Homeland Security, Justice and State, and the director of national intelligence, have formed an inter-agency group for the express purpose of dismantling transnational criminal cartels. The handcuffs have been removed from our prosecutors, and they're targeting the drug dealers and gang members who prey on our citizens -- and they're working to eradicate the violent cartel MS-13.The change on defense has been profound as well. The Defense Department has begun to rebuild and restore our military readiness. We've reasserted American leadership by holding the Bashar al-Assad regime in Syria accountable for its monstrous use of banned chemical weapons against helpless, innocent civilians. Our successful missile strike enforced the red line that the previous administration drew but ignored, thus restoring our credibility with our friends and our deterrence with our foes. Finally, NATO countries are starting to pay billions of dollars more since I have made clear that the United States expects all of its allies to pay their fair share.I delivered on one of my biggest promises, appointing and confirming a new justice to the Supreme Court who will be faithful to the U.S. Constitution. This is the first time a new justice has been confirmed in the first 100 days in 136 years.As we've made these changes -- on the border, on our economy, on our security -- confidence has soared. And a survey of manufacturing reveals record-breaking optimism in the future. Consumer confidence hit a 16-year high . Thousands of new jobs are being re-shored back to America -- including jobs at Ford, General Motors, Fiat Chrysler, Sprint, Intel and so many more.We are proving that Buy and Hire American isn't just a slogan -- it's now the policy of the U.S. government. It, along with the many other things we are doing, will Make America Great Again.No longer will we listen to the same failed voices of the past who brought us nothing but war overseas, poverty at home and the loss of companies, jobs and our wealth to countries that have taken total advantage of the United States.The White House is once again the People's House. And I will do everything in my power to be the People's President -- to faithfully, loyally and proudly champion the incredible citizens who love this nation and who call this God-blessed land their home.
On day 1 promulgate a proposed rule" (regulation) amending 31 CFR 130.121 to redefine applicable financial institutions to include money transfer companies like Western Union and redefine "account" to include wire transfers. Also include in the proposed rule a requirement thOn day 2 Mexico will immediately protest. They receive approximately $24 billion a year in remittances from Mexican nationals working in the United States. The majority of that amount comes from illegal aliens. It serves as de facto welfare for poor families in Mexico. There is no significant social safety net provided by the state in Mexico.On day 3 tell Mexico that if the Mexican government will contribute the funds needed to the United States to pay for the wall, the Trump Administration will not promulgate the final rule, and the regulation will not go into effect.Trade tariffs, or enforcement of existing trade rules: There is no doubt that Mexico is engaging in unfair subsidy behavior that has eliminated thousands of U.S. jobs, and which we are obligated to respond to; the impact of any tariffs on the price imports will be more than offset by the economic and income gains of increased production in the United States, in addition to revenue from any tariffs themselves. Mexico needs access to our markets much more than the reverse, so we have all the leverage and will win the negotiation. By definition, if you have a large trade deficit with a nation, it means they are selling far more to you than the reverse - thus they, not you, stand to lose from enforcing trade rules through tariffs (as has been done to save many U.S. industries in the past).Cancelling visas: Immigration is a privilege, not a right. Mexico is totally dependent on the United States as a release valve for its own poverty - our approvals of hundreds of thousands of visas to their nationals every year is one of our greatest leverage points. We also have leverage through business and tourist visas for important people in the Mexican economy. Keep in mind, the United States has already taken in 4X more migrants than any other country onplanet earth, producing lower wages and higher unemployment for our own citizens and recent migrants.Visa fees: Even a small increase in visa fees would pay for the wall. This includes fees on border crossing cards, of which more than 1 million are issued a year. The border-crossing card is also one of the greatest sources of illegal immigration into the United States, via overstays. Mexico is also the single largest recipient of U.S. green cards, which confer a path to U.S. citizenship. Again, we have the leverage so Mexico will back down.Conclusion: Mexico has taken advantage of us in another way as well: gangs, drug traffickers and cartels have freely exploited our open borders and committed vast numbers of crimes inside the United States. The United States has borne the extraordinary daily cost of this criminal activity, including the cost of trials and incarcerations. Not to mention the even greater human cost. We have the moral high ground here, and all the leverage. It is time we use it in order to Make America Great Again.America has lost nearly one-third of its manufacturing jobs since NAFTA and 50,000 factories since China joined the World Trade Organization. [Economic Policy Institute, April 23, 2015]President Obama predicted that the trade deal with South Korea would increase our exports to South Korea by more than $10 billion -- resulting in some 70,000 jobs. It has killed nearly 100,000. Our exports to South Korea haven't increased at all, but their imports to us have surged more than $15 billion -- more than doubling our trade deficit with that country. [The White House], [Economic Policy Institute, May 5, 2016]Our annual trade deficit in goods with Mexico has risen from close to zero in 1993 to almost $60 billion. Our total trade deficit in goods hit nearly $800 billion last year. China is responsible for nearly half of our entire trade deficit. Almost half of our entire manufacturing trade deficit in goods with the world is the result of trade with China. [United States Census Bureau]The U.S. trade deficit with the proposed TPP member countries cost over 2 million jobs in 2015. By far the biggest losses occurred in motor vehicles and parts, which lost nearly 740,000 manufacturing jobs. Imagine how many more jobs would be lost if the Trans-Pacific Partnership was actually approved. [Economic Policy Institute, March 3, 2016]The Trans-Pacific Partnership will undermine our economy, and it will undermine our independence:According to the U.S. International Trade Commission, improved protection of America's intellectual property in China would produce more than 2 million more jobs right here in the United States. [The Commission On The Theft Of American Intellectual Property, May 2013]Energy costs the average American household $5,000 per year. As a percentage of income, the cost is greater for lower-income families. [Fox News, Sept. 3, 2015]Shale energy production could add 2 million jobs in 7 years.The oil and natural gas industry supports 10 million high-paying Americans jobs and can create another 400,000 new jobs per year. [The New York Times, June 20, 2015]Over the last seven years, 14 million more people have left the labor force.The lowest labor force participation rate since the 1970s.1 in 5 American households do not have a single family member in the labor force.23.7 million Americans in their prime-earning years [ages 25-54] are out of the labor force -- an increase of 1.8 million over the last seven years.Real GDP grew only 1.1% in the second quarter of this year. Over the last seven years, real GDP grew 2.1% the slowest seven-year period since at least the 1940s.It's the weakest so-called recovery since the Great Depression.Hourly earnings and weakly earnings are lower today than they were in 1973.The number of Americans on Food Stamps during Obama's time in office has increased by more than 12 million.2 million more Latinos are in poverty today than when President Obama took his oath of office less than eight years ago.45% of African-American children under 6 are living in poverty.1 in 6 American men between the ages of 18-34 are either in jail or out of work.Student loan debt exceeds $1.3 trillion -- nearly doubling under the Obama administration.Since President Obama took office, the national debt has doubled.U.S. trade deficit in goods reached nearly 800 billion dollars last year alone.The U.S. homeownership rate fell to 62.9 percent in the second quarter -- the lowest rate in 51 years.At the state and federal level, the United States spends more than $620 billion on K-12 education each year. That's an average of about $12,296 for every student enrolled in our elementary and secondary public schools.We spend more per student than almost any other major country in the world. Yet, our students perform near the bottom of the pack for major large advanced countries.Our students continue to lag behind their peers worldwide in knowledge gained. [American Federation for Children Growth Fund]Among 34 Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development nations, the Program for International Student Assessment (PISA) found 27 countries outperformed U.S students in math. [National Center for Education Statistics]The same assessment found 17 countries outperformed U.S. students in reading. [National Center for Education Statistics]Our largest cities spend some of the largest amounts of money on public schools:New York City spends $20,226 per student.Baltimore spends $15,287 per student.Chicago spends $11,976 per student.Los Angeles spends $10,602 per student.School choice is vital to reverse inequities in education and failing government schools in Democrat-controlled inner cities. According to the National Assessment of Education Progress, only one in six African-American students in the eighth grade are considered proficient in math and reading. In 2016, over 2 million high school graduates took the ACT:45 percent of all students tested met three or more benchmarks related to college preparedness.Only 11 percent of African American students tested met three or more of the benchmarks for college and career readiness. [The Condition of College and Career Readiness, 2016]It is time for school choice to help free children from failing government schools and close the achievement gap. School choice is the civil rights issue of our time.Over the past 40 years, the labor force participation of women with children under 18 has grown from 47 percent in 1975 to 70 percent today. [1975: Families and Work, 2015: Department of Labor]Raising a child is now the single greatest expense for most American families -- even exceeding the cost of housing in much of the country. [National Affairs, Winter, 2015]Almost two-thirds (64 percent) of mothers with children under 6 are working outside of the home [Bureau of Labor Statistics]Today's workforce includes 73.5 million women representing 47 percent of the entire US labor force. [Department of Labor]Over 24 million of those women have children under age 18; almost 10 million of them have children under age 6. [Bureau of Labor Statistics]Women are the primary breadwinners in 40 percent of American households with children under the age of 18, but hold 62 percent of minimum wage jobs. [Pew Social Trends; National Affairs Winter, 2015]President Obama said his health plan would cut the cost of family premiums by up to $2,500 a year. Instead, premiums have gone up by almost $5,000 since Obamacare passed. [Kaiser Family Foundation]Nearly two-thirds of Obamacare Exchange plans lost over $2.2 billion just in 2014. [Mercatus Center, April 22, 2016]Health insurance companies are fleeing the Obamacare Exchanges. Five states, one-third of all counties, and 19% of Americans eligible for Obamacare will have only one Exchange insurer this year. [New York Times, Aug. 19, 2016], [Kaiser Family Foundation, Aug. 28, 2016], [McKinsey on Healthcare, Aug. 18, 2016]Premiums have skyrocketed across the nation, with a national average of almost 25%, with some states experiencing rate increases up to 70%. In Iowa, one plan got a 43% increase approved. In Florida, the individual market will see an average rate increase of 19%. In Pennsylvania, at least three plans requested rate increases over 40%. And the average rate requested in Minnesota is 54%. [ACA Signups], [Health Insurance], [Miami Herald], [Health Insurance]More than half the Exchange plans have deductibles of $3,000 or more. [The New York Times, Nov. 14, 2015]Deductibles are going up in 2017, some as high as $7,000 per person on the cheapest" Obamacare plans. [Investors Business Daily May 13]People are going without needed medical care because they can't afford these amounts. [The Boston Globe, Nov. 16, 2015]Most of the people getting covered under Obamacare are getting it through the government run Medicaid program. [Heritage Foundation]Almost 12 million more Americans were enrolled in Medicaid or the Children's Health Insurance Plan since October 2013. [Obamacarefacts.com]By 2026 one-fourth of our population will be on Medicaid or the Children's Health Insurance Program. [Congressional Budget Office, March 2016]Numerous studies show that Medicaid enrollees can't find doctors. [Department of Health and Human Services, Office of the Inspector General, Dec. 2014]Medicaid beneficiaries have worse health compared to everyone else. Add to that higher death rates, misuse of the emergency room and higher overall costs. [How to Fix Medicaid National Affairs, 2014]. Medicaid beneficiaries have worse health compaObamacare has reduced pay for workers in small businesses and reduced employment by more than 350,000 jobs nationwide. [American Action Forum, Sept. 9, 2016]The employer mandate raised the minimum cost of hiring a full-time worker to $10.30/hour for larger employers, without increasing take-home pay for workers. [Heritage Foundation]State and local officials have conceded that Obamacare forced municipal governments to cut hours of part-time employees. [The New York Times, Feb. 20, 2014]University of Wisconsin cut back student workers' hours as a result of Obamacare. [Madison, Sept. 27, 2016]Illegal immigrants and other non-citizens in our prisons and jails together had around 25,000 homicide arrests to their names. [United States Government Accountability Office, March 2011]Current immigration policy costs taxpayers $300 billion a year [National Review, Sept. 22, 2016]There are at least 2 million convicted criminal aliens now inside the country. [Center for Immigration Studies, Oct. 2013]Since 2013 alone, the Obama Administration has allowed 300,000 criminal aliens to return back into U.S. communities.Between 9/11 and the end of 2014, at least 380 foreign-born individuals were convicted in terror cases inside the United States. [U.S. Senate Immigration Subcommittee, June 22, 2016]In the last five years, we've admitted nearly 100,000 immigrants from Iraq and Afghanistan -- in these two countries, according to Pew research, a majority of residents say that the barbaric practice of honor killings against women are often or sometimes justified. [U.S. Department of Homeland Security, August 2016], [Pew Research Center, July 22, 2016]From the year 2008 through 2014, nearly 13,000 criminal aliens were released back into U.S. communities because their home countries would not take them back. [The Boston Globe, June 4, 2016]62 percent of households headed by illegal immigrants used some form of cash or non-cash welfare programs, like food stamps or housing assistance. [Center for Immigration Studies, Sept. 2015]Nearly 1 million illegal immigrants, including nearly 200,000 with criminal convictions, had been ordered deported but remain at large. [Washington Examiner, July 1, 2015]Between 2013 and 2015, the Obama Administration released over 86,000 criminal aliens from custody. In 2015 alone, ICE freed 19,723 criminal aliens, who had 64,197 convictions among them. These included 8,234 violent convictions and 208 homicide convictions. [Homeland Security Committee, Nov. 19, 2015]Every year, over-regulation costs our economy $2 trillion dollars a year and reduces household wealth by almost $15,000 dollars. [Donald J. Trump Press Release, Sept. 15, 2016]President Obama has issued close to four hundred new major regulations since taking office, each with a cost to the American economy of $100 million or more. [The Wall Street Journal, April 7, 2016]In 2015 alone, federal agencies issued over 3,300 final rules and regulations, up from 2,400 the prior year. [Donald J. Trump Press Release, Sept. 15, 2016]The U.S. economy today is twenty-five percent smaller than it would have been without the surge of regulations since 1980. [Mercatus Center, April 26, 2016]The federal register is now over 80,000 pages long. [Office of the Federal Register, Dec. 31, 2015]Donald J. Trump on the Right to Keep and Bear ArmsThe Second Amendment to our Constitution is clear.The right of the people to keep and bear Arms shall not be infringed upon. Period.The Second Amendment guarantees a fundamental right that belongs to all law-abiding Americans. The Constitution doesn't create that right -- it ensures that the government can't take it away. Our Founding Fathers knew, and our Supreme Court has upheld, that the Second Amendment's purpose is to guarantee our right to defend ourselves and our families. This is about self-defense, plain and simple.It's been said that the Second Amendment is America's first freedom. That's because the Right to Keep and Bear Arms protects all our other rights. We are the only country in the world that has a Second Amendment. Protecting that freedom is imperative. Here's how we will do that:Enforce The Laws On The BooksWe need to get serious about prosecuting violent criminals. The Obama administration's record on that is abysmal. Violent crime in cities like Baltimore, Chicago and many others is out of control. Drug dealers and gang members are given a slap on the wrist and turned loose on the street. This needs to stop.Several years ago there was a tremendous program in Richmond, Virginia called Project Exile. It said that if a violent felon uses a gun to commit a crime, you will be prosecuted in federal court and go to prison for five years -- no parole or early release. Obama's former Attorney General, Eric Holder, called that a 'cookie cutter' program. That's ridiculous. I call that program a success. Murders committed with guns in Richmond decreased by over 60% when Project Exile was in place -- in the first two years of the program alone, 350 armed felons were taken off the street.Why does that matter to law-abiding gun owners? Because they're the ones who anti-gun politicians and the media blame when criminals misuse guns. We need to bring back and expand programs like Project Exile and get gang members and drug dealers off the street. When we do, crime will go down and our cities and communities will be safer places to live.Here's another important way to fight crime -- empower law-abiding gun owners to defend themselves. Law enforcement is great, they do a tremendous job, but they can't be everywhere all of the time. Our personal protection is ultimately up to us. That's why I'm a gun owner, that's why I have a concealed carry permit, and that's why tens of millions of Americans have concealed carry permits as well. It's just common sense. To make America great again, we're going to go after criminals and put the law back on the side of the law-abiding.Fix Our Broken Mental Health SystemLet's be clear about this. Our mental health system is broken. It needs to be fixed. Too many politicians have ignored this problem for too long.All of the tragic mass murders that occurred in the past several years have something in common --there were red flags that were ignored. We can't allow that to continue. We need to expand treatment programs, because most people with mental health problems aren't violent, they just need help. But for those who are violent, a danger to themselves or others, we need to get them off the street before they can terrorize our communities. This is just common sense.And why does this matter to law-abiding gun owners? Once again, because they get blamed by anti-gun politicians, gun control groups and the media for the acts of deranged madmen. When one of these tragedies occurs, we can count on two things: one, that opponents of gun rights will immediately exploit it to push their political agenda; and two, that none of their so-called 'solutions' would have prevented the tragedy in the first place. They've even admitted it.We need real solutions to address real problems. Not grandstanding or political agendas.Defend The Rights of Law-Abiding Gun OwnersGUN AND MAGAZINE BANS. Gun and magazine bans are a total failure. That's been proven every time it's been tried. Opponents of gun rights try to come up with scary sounding phrases like 'assault weapons', 'military-style weapons' and 'high capacity magazines' to confuse people. What they're really talking about are popular semi-automatic rifles and standard magazines that are owned by tens of millions of Americans. Law-abiding people should be allowed to own the firearm of their choice. The government has no business dictating what types of firearms good, honest people are allowed to own.BACKGROUND CHECKS. There has been a national background check system in place since 1998. Every time a person buys a gun from a federally licensed gun dealer --which is the overwhelming majority of all gun purchases --they go through a federal background check. Study after study has shown that very few criminals are stupid enough to try and pass a background check -- they get their guns from friends/family members or by stealing them. So the overwhelming majority of people who go through background checks are law-abiding gun owners. When the system was created, gun owners were promised that it would be instant, accurate and fair. Unfortunately, that isn't the case today. Too many states are failing to put criminal and mental health records into the system -- and it should go without saying that a system's only going to be as effective as the records that are put into it. What we need to do is fix the system we have and make it work as intended. What we don't need to do is expand a broken system.NATIONAL RIGHT TO CARRY.The right of self-defense doesn't stop at the end of your driveway. That's why I have a concealed carry permit and why tens of millions of Americans do too. That permit should be valid in all 50 states. A driver's license works in every state, so it's common sense that a concealed carry permit should work in every state. If we can do that for driving -- which is a privilege, not a right -- then surely we can do that for concealed carry, which is a right, not a privilege.MILITARY BASES AND RECRUITING CENTERS. Banning our military from carrying firearms on bases and at recruiting centers is ridiculous. We train our military how to safely and responsibly use firearms, but our current policies leave them defenseless. To make America great again, we need a strong military. To have a strong military, we need to allow them to defend themselves.Attacks against U.S. government and private sector systems by state and non-state actors are growing. [The Huffington Post, May 24, 2016]Hackers obtained 20 million identities of individuals who underwent Federal background checks. [The Washington Post, July 9, 2015]J.P. Morgan Chase had the information of 76 million households compromised. [The New York Times, Oct. 2, 2014]E-Bay was hacked and lost 150 million customer passwords. [SecurityCurrent, May 22, 2014]Target was hacked and lost 40 million customer credit card numbers. [CNN, Dec. 19, 2013]Healthcare ReformSince March of 2010, the American people have had to suffer under the incredible economic burden of the Affordable Care Act -- Obamacare. This legislation, passed by totally partisan votes in the House and Senate and signed into law by the most divisive and partisan President in American history, has tragically but predictably resulted in runaway costs, websites that don't work, greater rationing of care, higher premiums, less competition and fewer choices. Obamacare has raised the economic uncertainty of every single person residing in this country. As it appears Obamacare is certain to collapse of its own weight, the damage done by the Democrats and President Obama, and abetted by the Supreme Court, will be difficult to repair unless the next President and a Republican congress lead the effort to bring much - needed free market reforms to the healthcare industry.But none of these positive reforms can be accomplished without Obamacare repeal. On day one of the Trump Administration, we will ask Congress to immediately deliver a full repeal of Obamacare.However, it is not enough to simply repeal this terrible legislation. We will work with Congress to make sure we have a series of reforms ready for implementation that follow free market principles and that will restore economic freedom and certainty to everyone in this country. By following free market principles and working together to create sound public policy that will broaden healthcare access, make healthcare more affordable and improve the quality of the care available to all Americans.Any reform effort must begin with Congress. Since Obamacare became law, conservative Republicans have been offering reforms that can be delivered individually or as part of more comprehensive reform efforts. In the remaining sections of this policy paper, several reforms will be offered that should be considered by Congress so that on the first day of the Trump Administration, we can start the process of restoring faith in government and economic liberty to the people.Congress must act. Our elected representatives in the House and Senate must:1. Completely repeal Obamacare. Our elected representatives must eliminate the individual mandate. No person should be required to buy insurance unless he or she wants to.2. Modify existing law that inhibits the sale of health insurance across state lines. As long as the plan purchased complies with state requirements, any vendor ought to be able to offer insurance in any state. By allowing full competition in this market, insurance costs will go down and consumer satisfaction will go up.3. Allow individuals to fully deduct health insurance premium payments from their tax returns under the current tax system. Businesses are allowed to take these deductions so why wouldn't Congress allow individuals the same exemptions? As we allow the free market to provide insurance coverage opportunities to companies and individuals, we must also make sure that no one slips through the cracks simply because they cannot afford insurance. We must review basic options for Medicaid and work with states to ensure that those who want healthcare coverage can have it.4. Allow individuals to use Health Savings Accounts (HSAs). Contributions into HSAs should be tax-free and should be allowed to accumulate. These accounts would become part of the estate of the individual and could be passed on to heirs without fear of any death penalty. These plans should be particularly attractive to young people who are healthy and can afford high- deductible insurance plans. These funds can be used by any member of a family without penalty. The flexibility and security provided by HSAs will be of great benefit to all who participate.5. Require price transparency from all healthcare providers, especially doctors and healthcare organizations like clinics and hospitals. Individuals should be able to shop to find the best prices for procedures, exams or any other medical-related procedure.6. Block-grant Medicaid to the states. Nearly every state already offers benefits beyond what is required in the current Medicaid structure. The state governments know their people best and can manage the administration of Medicaid far better without federal overhead. States will have the incentives to seek out and eliminate fraud, waste and abuse to preserve our precious resources.7. Remove barriers to entry into free markets for drug providers that offer safe, reliable and cheaper products. Congress will need the courage to step away from the special interests and do what is right for America. Though the pharmaceutical industry is in the private sector, drug companies provide a public service. Allowing consumers access to imported, safe and dependable drugs from overseas will bring more options to consumers.The reforms outlined above will lower healthcare costs for all Americans. They are simply a place to start. There are other reforms that might be considered if they serve to lower costs, remove uncertainty and provide financial security for all Americans. And we must also take actions in other policy areas to lower healthcare costs and burdens. Enforcing immigration laws, eliminating fraud and waste and energizing our economy will relieve the economic pressures felt by every American. It is the moral responsibility of a nation's government to do what is best for the people and what is in the interest of securing the future of the nation.Providing healthcare to illegal immigrants costs us some $11 billion annually. If we were to simply enforce the current immigration laws and restrict the unbridled granting of visas to this country, we could relieve healthcare cost pressures on state and local governments.To reduce the number of individuals needing access to programs like Medicaid and Children's Heal th Insurance Program we will need to install programs that grow the economy and bring capital and jobs back to America. The best social program has always been a job --and taking care of our economy will go a long way towards reducing our dependence on public health programs.Finally, we need to reform our mental health programs and institutions in this country. Families, without the ability to get the information needed to help those who are ailing, are too often not given the tools to help their loved on es. There are promising reforms being developed in Congress that should receive bi-partisan support.To reform healthcare in America, we need a President who has the leadership skills, will and courage to engage the American people and convince Congress to do what is best for the country. These straightforward reforms, along with many others I have proposed throughout my campaign, will ensure that together we will Make America Great AgainInfrastructure investment strengthens our economic platform, makes America more competitive, creates millions of jobs, increases wages for American workers, and reduces the costs of goods and services for American consumers.America's infrastructure is a linchpin of private sector growth but, today, much of our infrastructure is crumbling.More than 60,000 bridges are considered structurally deficient." Traffic delays cost the U.S. economy more than $50 billion annually. Most major roads are rated as "less than good condition."""ore than 60,000 bridges are considered "structurally deficient." Traffic delays cost the U.S. economy more thanAn investigation this year by USA Today identified almost 2,000 additional water systems spanning all 50 states where testing has shown excessive levels of leadAccording to the National Association of Manufacturers (NAM), without major improvements to our transportation systems, the United States will lose more than 2.5 million jobs by 2025" (NAM), Build To WinUnder the failing Obama-Clinton policies, infrastructure projects across the U.S. are routinely delayed for years and years due to endless studies, layer-upon-layer of red-tape, bureaucracy, and lawsuits -- with virtually no end in sight. This increases costs on taxpayers and blocks Americans from obtaining the kind of infrastructure that is needed for them to compete economically.According to the Wall Street Journal, more than a dozen [energy infrastructure] projects worth about $33 billionOur Army is the smallest it has been since before World War II. [ArmyTimes, May 7, 2016]Our Navy is among the smallest it has been since before World War I. [Naval History and Heritage Command]Our Air Force is the smallest it has been in history. [The National Interest, May 7, 2014]The average age of our Air Force aircraft is 27 years old. [Air Force Times, Jan. 19, 2016]Negotiate fair trade deals that create American jobs, increase American wages, and reduce America's trade deficit.Donald J. Trump's 7 Point Plan To Rebuild the American Economy by Fighting for Free Trade1. Withdraw from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which has not yet been ratified.2. Appoint tough and smart trade negotiators to fight on behalf of American workers.3. Direct the Secretary of Commerce to identify every violation of trade agreements a foreign country is currently using to harm our workers, and also direct all appropriate agencies to use every tool under American and international law to end these abuses.4. Tell NAFTA partners that we intend to immediately renegotiate the terms of that agreement to get a better deal for our workers. If they don't agree to a renegotiation, we will submit notice that the U.S. intends to withdraw from the deal. Eliminate Mexico's one-side backdoor tariff through the VAT and end sweatshops in Mexico that undercut U.S. workers.5. Instruct the Treasury Secretary to label China a currency manipulator.6. Instruct the U.S. Trade Representative to bring trade cases against China, both in this country and at the WTO. China's unfair subsidy behavior is prohibited by the terms of its entrance to the WTO.7. Use every lawful presidential power to remedy trade disputes if China does not stop its illegal activities, including its theft of American trade secrets - including the application of tariffs consistent with Section 201 and 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 and Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962.Read Donald J. Trump's 7 Point Plan To Rebuild the American Economy by Fighting for Free Trade, here.Read Mr. Trump's Remarks at the Alumisource Factory in Monessen, Pennsylvania.Make America energy independent, create millions of new jobs, and protect clean air and clean water. We will conserve our natural habitats, reserves and resources. We will unleash an energy revolution that will bring vast new wealth to our country.Declare American energy dominance a strategic economic and foreign policy goal of the United States.Unleash America's $50 trillion in untapped shale, oil, and natural gas reserves, plus hundreds of years in clean coal reserves.Become, and stay, totally independent of any need to import energy from the OPEC cartel or any nations hostile to our interests.Open onshore and offshore leasing on federal lands, eliminate moratorium on coal leasing, and open shale energy deposits.Encourage the use of natural gas and other American energy resources that will both reduce emissions but also reduce the price of energy and increase our economic output.Rescind all job-destroying Obama executive actions. Mr. Trump will reduce and eliminate all barriers to responsible energy production, creating at least a half million jobs a year, $30 billion in higher wages, and cheaper energy.Read Donald J. Trump's 100-Day Action Plan, here.Read Mr. Trump's Remarks at the Shale Insight Event, and at the Williston Basin Petroleum Conference.Create a dynamic booming economy that will create 25 million new jobs over the next decade.For each 1 percent in added GDP growth, the economy adds 1.2 million jobs. Increasing growth by 1.5 percent would result in 18 million jobs (1.5 million times 1.2 million, multiplied by 10 years) above the projected current law job figures of 7 million, producing a total of 25 million new jobs for the American economy.Reform policies with a pro-growth tax plan, a new modern regulatory framework, an America-First trade policy, an unleashed American energy plan, and the penny plan."""eform polici"Boost growth to 3.5 percent per year on average, with the potential to reach a 4 percent growth rate.Read Donald J. Trump's Plan to Create 25 Million Jobs, here.Read Mr. Trump's Remarks in Monessen, Pennsylvania, at the Detroit Economic Club, and at the New York Economic Club.Reduce taxes across-the-board, especially for working and middle-income Americans who will receive a massive tax reduction.Ensure the rich will pay their fair share, but no one will pay so much that it destroys jobs or undermines our ability to compete.Eliminate special interest loopholes, make our business tax rate more competitive to keep jobs in America, create new opportunities and revitalize our economy.Reduce the cost of childcare by allowing families to fully deduct the average cost of childcare from their taxes, including stay-at-home parents.Read the Fact Sheet on Donald J. Trump's Tax Policy, here.Read Mr. Trump's Remarks at the Detroit Economic Club and the New York Economic Club.Tax Law ChangesThe Trump Plan will revise and update both the individual and corporate tax codes:Individual Income TaxTax ratesThe Trump Plan will collapse the current seven tax brackets to three brackets. The rates and breakpoints are as shown below. Low-income Americans will have an effective income tax rate of 0. The tax brackets are similar to those in the House GOP tax blueprint.Brackets & Rates for Married-Joint filers:Less than $75,000: 12%More than $75,000 but less than $225,000: 25%More than $225,000: 33%*Brackets for single filers are ½ of these amountsThe Trump Plan will retain the existing capital gains rate structure (maximum rate of 20 percent) with tax brackets shown above. Carried interest will be taxed as ordinary income.The 3.8 percent Obamacare tax on investment income will be repealed, as will the alternative minimum tax.DeductionsThe Trump Plan will increase the standard deduction for joint filers to $30,000, from $12,600, and the standard deduction for single filers will be $15,000. The personal exemptions will be eliminated as will the head-of-household filing status.In addition, the Trump Plan will cap itemized deductions at $200,000 for Married-Joint filers or $100,000 for Single filers.Death TaxThe Trump Plan will repeal the death tax, but capital gains held until death and valued over $10 million will be subject to tax to exempt small businesses and family farms. To prevent abuse, contributions of appreciated assets into a private charity established by the decedent or the decedent's relatives will be disallowed.ChildcareAmericans will be able to take an above-the-line deduction for children under age 13 that will be capped at state average for age of child, and for eldercare for a dependent. The exclusion will not be available to taxpayers with total income over $500,000 Married-Joint /$250,000 Single, and because of the cap on the size of the benefit, working and middle class families will see the largest percentage reduction in their taxable income.The childcare exclusion would be provided to families who use stay-at-home parents or grandparents as well as those who use paid caregivers, and would be limited to 4 children per taxpayer. The eldercare exclusion would be capped at $5,000 per year. The cap would increase each year at the rate of inflation.The Trump Plan would offer spending rebates for childcare expenses to certain low-income taxpayers through the Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC). The rebate would be equal to 7.65 percent of remaining eligible childcare expenses, subject to a cap of half of the payroll taxes paid by the taxpayer (based on the lower-earning parent in a two-earner household).This rebate would be available to married joint filers earning $62,400 ($31,200 for single taxpayers) or less. Limitations on costs eligible for exclusion and the number of beneficiaries would be the same as for the basic exclusion. The ceiling would increase with inflation each year.All taxpayers would be able to establish Dependent Care Savings Accounts (DCSAs) for the benefit of specific individuals, including unborn children. Total annual contributions to a DCSA are limited to $2,000 per year from all sources, which include the account owner (parent in the case of a minor or the person establishing elder care account), immediate family members of the account owner, and the employer of the account owner. When established for children, the funds remaining in the account when the child reaches 18 can be used for education expenses, but additional contributions could not be made.To encourage lower-income families to establish DCSAs for their children, the government will provide a 50 percent match on parental contributions of up to $1,000 per year for these households. When parents fill out their taxes they can check a box to directly deposit any portion of their EITC into their Dependent Care Savings Account. All deposits and earnings thereon will be free from taxation, and unused balances can rollover from year to year.Business TaxThe Trump Plan will lower the business tax rate from 35 percent to 15 percent, and eliminate the corporate alternative minimum tax. This rate is available to all businesses, both small and large, that want to retain the profits within the business.It will provide a deemed repatriation of corporate profits held offshore at a one-time tax rate of 10 percent.It eliminates most corporate tax expenditures except for the Research and Development credit.Firms engaged in manufacturing in the US may elect to expense capital investment and lose the deductibility of corporate interest expense. An election once made can only be revoked within the first 3 years of election; if revoked, returns for prior years would need to be amended to show revised status. After 3 years, election is irrevocable.The annual cap for the business tax credit for on-site childcare authorized by Sec. 205 of the Economic Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2001 would be increased to $500,000 per year (up from $150,000) and recapture period would be reduced to 5 years (down from 10 years).Businesses that pay a portion of an employee's childcare expenses can exclude those contributions from income. Employees who are recipients of direct employer subsidies would not be able to exclude those costs from the individual income tax and the costs of direct subsidies to employees could not be used as a cost eligible for the credit.Donald Trump's Contract with the American VoterWhat follows is my 100-day action plan to Make America Great AgainIt is a contract between myself and the American voter -- and begins with restoring honesty and accountability, and bringing change to Washington. On the first day of my term of office, my administration will immediately pursue the following:Six measures to clean up the corruption and special interest collusion in Washington, DC:FIRST, propose a constitutional amendment to impose term limits on all members of Congress.SECOND, a hiring freeze on all federal employees to reduce the federal workforce through attrition (exempting military, public safety, and public health).THIRD, a requirement that for every new federal regulation, two existing regulations must be eliminated.FOURTH, a five-year ban on White House and Congressional offi cials becoming lobbyists after they leave government service.FIFTH, a lifetime ban on White House officials lobbying on behalf of a foreign government.SIXTH, a complete ban on foreign lobbyists raising money for American elections.Seven actions to protect American workers:FIRST, I will announce my intention to renegotiate NAFTA or withdraw from the deal under Article 2205.SECOND, I will announce our withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership.THIRD, I will direct the Secretary of the Treasury to label China a currency manipulator.FOURTH, I will direct the Secretary of Commerce and U.S. Trade Representative to identify all foreign trading abuses that unfairly impact American workers and direct them to use every tool under American and international law to end those abuses immediately.FIFTH, I will lift the restrictions on the production of $50 trillion dollars' worth of job-producing American energy reserves, including shale, oil, natural gas and clean coal.SIXTH, lift the Obama-Clinton roadblocks and allow vital energy infrastructure projects, like the Keystone Pipeline, to move forward.SEVENTH, cancel billions in payments to U.N. climate change programs and use the money to fix America's water and environmental infrastructure.Five actions to restore security and the constitutional rule of law:FIRST, cancel every unconstitutional executive action, memorandum and order issued by President Obama.SECOND, begin the process of selecting a replacement for Justice Scalia from one of the 20 judges on my list, who will uphold and defend the U.S. Constitution.THIRD, cancel all federal funding to sanctuary cities.FOURTH, begin removing the more than two million criminal illegal immigrants from the country and cancel visas to foreign countries that won't take them back.FIFTH, suspend immigration from terror-prone regions where vetting cannot safely occur. All vetting of people coming into our country will be considered extreme vetting.Middle Class Tax Relief and Simplification ActAn economic plan designed to grow the economy 4% per year and create at least 25 million new jobs through massive tax reduction and simplification, in combination with trade reform, regulatory relief and lifting the restrictions on American energy. The largest tax reductions are for the middle class. A middle-class family with two children will get a 35% tax cut. The current number of brackets will be reduced from seven to three, and tax forms will likewise be greatly simplified. The business rate will be lowered from 35% to 15%, and the trillions of dollars of American corporate money overseas can now be brought back at a 10% rate.End the Offshoring ActEstablishes tariffs to discourage companies from laying off their workers in order to relocate in other countries and ship their products back to the U.S. tax-free.American Energy and Infrastructure ActLeverages public-private partnerships, and private investments through tax incentives, to spur $1 trillion in infrastructure investment over ten years. It is revenue neutral.School Choice and Education Opportunity ActRedirects education dollars to give parents the right to send their kid to the public, private, charter, magnet, religious or home school of their choice. Ends Common Core and brings education supervision to local communities. It expands vocational and technical education, and makes two- and four-year college more affordable.Repeal and Replace Obamacare ActFully repeals Obamacare and replaces it with Health Savings Accounts, the ability to purchase health insurance across state lines and lets states manage Medicaid funds. Reforms will also include cutting the red tape at the FDA: there are over 4,000 drugs awaiting approval, and we especially want to speed the approval of life-saving medications.Affordable Childcare and Eldercare ActAllows Americans to deduct childcare and eldercare from their taxes, incentivizes employers to provide on-site childcare services and creates tax-free dependent care savings accounts for both young and elderly dependents, with matching contributions for low-income families.End Illegal Immigration ActFully-funds the construction of a wall on our southern border with the full understanding that the country of Mexico will be reimbursing the United States for the full cost of such wall; establishes a two-year mandatory minimum federal prison sentence for illegally re-entering the U.S. after a previous deportation, and a five-year mandatory minimum federal prison sentence for illegally re-entering for those with felony convictions, multiple misdemeanor convictions or two or more prior deportations; also reforms visa rules to enhance penalties for overstaying and to ensure open jobs are offered to American workers first.Restoring Community Safety ActReduces surging crime, drugs and violence by creating a task force on violent crime and increasing funding for programs that train and assist local police; increases resources for federal law enforcement agencies and federal prosecutors to dismantle criminal gangs and put violent offenders behind bars.Restoring National Security ActRebuilds our military by eliminating the defense sequester and expanding military investment; provides veterans with the ability to receive public VA treatment or attend the private doctor of their choice; protects our vital infrastructure from cyber-attack; establishes new screening procedures for immigration to ensure those who are admitted to our country support our people and our values.Clean Up Corruption in Washington ActEnacts new ethics reforms to drain the swamp and reduce the corrupting influence of special interests on our politics. I will work with Congress to introduce the following broader legislative measures and fight for their passage within the first 100 days of my Administration:On November 8th, Americans will be voting for this 100-day plan to restore prosperity to our economy, security to our communities and honesty to our government.This is my pledge to you.And if we follow these steps, we will once more have a government of, by and for the people.Immediately add an additional federal investment of $20 billion towards school choice. This will be done by reprioritizing existing federal dollars.Give states the option to allow these funds to follow the student to the public or private school they attend. Distribution of this grant will favor states that have private school choice, magnet schools and charter laws, encouraging them to participate.Establish the national goal of providing school choice to every one of the 11 million school aged children living in poverty.If the states collectively contribute another $110 billion of their own education budgets toward school choice, on top of the $20 billion in federal dollars, that could provide $12,000 in school choice funds to every K-12 student who today lives in poverty.Work with Congress on reforms to ensure universities are making a good faith effort to reduce the cost of college and student debt in exchange for the federal tax breaks and tax dollars.Ensure that the opportunity to attend a two or four-year college, or to pursue a trade or a skill set through vocational and technical education, will be easier to access, pay for, and finish.Read Mr. Trump's Remarks in Cleveland, Ohio.To view Mr. Trump's position, visit https://www.donaldjtrump.com/positions/healthcare-reformRepeal and replace Obamacare with Health Savings Accounts (HSAs).Work with Congress to create a patient-centered health care system that promotes choice, quality, and affordability.Work with states to establish high-risk pools to ensure access to coverage for individuals who have not maintained continuous coverage.Allow people to purchase insurance across state lines, in all 50 states, creating a dynamic market.Maximize flexibility for states via block grants so that local leaders can design innovative Medicaid programs that will better serve their low-income citizens.Rewriting the tax code to allow working parents to deduct from their income taxes child care expenses for up to four children and elderly dependents.Allow parents to enroll in tax-free dependent care savings accounts for their children or elderly relatives.Provide low-income households an Expanded Earned Income Tax Credit -- in the form a Childcare rebate -- and a matching $500 contribution for their savings accounts.Creating a new, dynamic market for family-based and community-based solutions.Incentivizing employers to provide childcare at the workplace.Provide 6 weeks of paid leave to new mothers before returning to work.Read Fact Sheet on Donald J. Trump's Childcare Reforms that Will Make America Great Again, here.Read Full Report on Donald J. Trump's Childcare Reforms that Will Make America Great Again, here.Read Mr. Trump's Remarks in Aston, Pennsylvania.Prioritize the jobs, wages and security of the American people.Establish new immigration controls to boost wages and to ensure that open jobs are offered to American workers first.Protect the economic well-being of the lawful immigrants already living here by curbing uncontrolled foreign worker admissionsSelect immigrants based on their likelihood of success in the U.S. and their ability to be financially self-sufficient.Vet applicants to ensure they support America's values, institutions and people, and temporarily suspend immigration from regions that export terrorism and where safe vetting cannot presently be ensured.Enforce the immigration laws of the United States and restore the Constitutional rule of law upon which America's prosperity and security depend.Donald J. Trump's 10 Point Plan to Put America First1. Begin working on an impenetrable physical wall on the southern border, on day one. Mexico will pay for the wall.2. End catch-and-release. Under a Trump administration, anyone who illegally crosses the border will be detained until they are removed out of our country.3. Move criminal aliens out day one, in joint operations with local, state, and federal law enforcement. We will terminate the Obama administration's deadly, non-enforcement policies that allow thousands of criminal aliens to freely roam our streets.4. End sanctuary cities.5. Immediately terminate President Obama's two illegal executive amnesties. All immigration laws will be enforced - we will triple the number of ICE agents. Anyone who enters the U.S. illegally is subject to deportation. That is what it means to have laws and to have a country.6. Suspend the issuance of visas to any place where adequate screening cannot occur, until proven and effective vetting mechanisms can be put into place.7. Ensure that other countries take their people back when we order them deported.8. Ensure that a biometric entry-exit visa tracking system is fully implemented at all land, air, and sea ports.9. Turn off the jobs and benefits magnet. Many immigrants come to the U.S. illegally in search of jobs, even though federal law prohibits the employment of illegal immigrants.10. Reform legal immigration to serve the best interests of America and its workers, keeping immigration levels within historic norms.Read More on Donald J. Trump's 10 Point Plan to Put America First, here.Read Mr. Trump's Remarks in Phoenix, Arizona, in Mexico City, and at the Remembrance Project Luncheon.Ask all Department heads to submit a list of every wasteful and unnecessary regulation which kills jobs, and which does not improve public safety, and eliminate them.Reform the entire regulatory code to ensure that we keep jobs and wealth in America.End the radical regulations that force jobs out of our communities and inner cities. We will stop punishing Americans for working and doing business in the United States.Issue a temporary moratorium on new agency regulations that are not compelled by Congress or public safety in order to give our American companies the certainty they need to reinvest in our community, get cash off of the sidelines, start hiring again, and expanding businesses. We will no longer regulate our companies and our jobs out of existence.Cancel immediately all illegal and overreaching executive orders.Eliminate our most intrusive regulations, like the Waters of The U.S. Rule. We will also scrap the EPA's so-called Clean Power Plan which the government estimates will cost $7.2 billion a year.Decrease the size of our already bloated government after a thorough agency review.Read Donald J. Trump's Plan To Put an End to Burdensome Regulations, here.Read Mr. Trump's Remarks at the Detroit Economic Club and the New York Economic Club.IG Report: 300,000 Vets Died While Waiting For Health Care At VA. [Fox News, Sept. 3, 2015]Wait Lists Grow as Many More Veterans Seek Care and Funding Falls Far Short. [The New York Times, June 20, 2015]Hundreds Of Appointment Wait Times Manipulated At Texas VA Facilities. [Associated Press, June 21, 2016]A Fatal Wait: Veterans Languish And Die On A VA Hospital's Secret List. [CNN, April 23, 2014]Report Finds Sharp Increase In Veterans Denied V.A. Benefits. [The New York Times, March 20, 2016]Veterans Affairs Improperly Spent $6 Billion Annually, Senior Official Says. [The Washington Post, May 14, 2015]U.S. Veterans Commit Suicide At Rate Of 20 A Day, VA Says. [The Wall Street Journal, July 7, 2016]White House Review Of Veterans Administration Finds 'Corrosive Culture.' [Reuters, June 27, 2014]Few People Lost Jobs With V.A. in Scandal. [The New York Times, April 22, 2015]Veterans Affairs Pays $142 Million In Bonuses Amid Scandals. [USA Today, May 22, 2014]VA Hasn't Fixed Wait-time Problems, GAO Finds. [USA Today, April 18, 2016]Hillary supported Bill Clinton's NAFTA, she supported China's entrance into the World Trade Organization, she supported the job-killing trade deal with South Korea, and she supports the Trans-Pacific Partnership. [Donald J. Trump Press Release, June 24, 2016]Bernie Sanders said Hillary Clinton voted for virtually every trade agreement that has cost the workers of this country millions of jobs." [Donald J. Trump Press Release June 16]Hillary Clinton, took a leading part in drafting the Trans-Pacific Partnership." She praised or pushed the TPP on 45 separate occasions and even called it the "gold standard." [BloombergAs Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton stood by idly while China cheated on its currency, added another trillion dollars to our trade deficits, and stole hundreds of billions of dollars in our intellectual property. [Donald J. Trump Press Release, Aug. 11, 2016]Order an immediate review of all U.S. cyber defenses and vulnerabilities, including critical infrastructure, by a Cyber Review Team of individuals from the military, law enforcement, and the private sector.The Cyber Review Team will provide specific recommendations for safeguarding different entities with the best defense technologies tailored to the likely threats, and will followed up regularly at various Federal agencies and departments.The Cyber Review Team will establish detailed protocols and mandatory cyber awareness training for all government employees while remaining current on evolving methods of cyber-attack.Instruct the U.S. Department of Justice to create Joint Task Forces throughout the U.S. to coordinate Federal, State, and local law enforcement responses to cyber threats.Order the Secretary of Defense and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to provide recommendations for enhancing U.S. Cyber Command, with a focus on both offense and defense in the cyber domain.Develop the offensive cyber capabilities we need to deter attacks by both state and non-state actors and, if necessary, to respond appropriately.Read Mr. Trump's Remarks at an event with the Retired American Warriors.Clinton has vowed to defend and build on" the Obama Administration's anti-coal regulations which has earned her support from environmentalists but led to concerns from labor unions. [Donald J Trump]President Obama's anti-energy orders have weakened our security, keeping us reliant on foreign sources of energy.At the same time President Obama lifts economic sanctions on Iran, he imposes economic sanctions on America. His onslaught of regulations has been a massive self-inflicted economic wound and have denied millions of Americans access to the energy wealth sitting under our feet. This is the American People's treasure, and they are entitled to share in the riches.While Hillary Clinton doesn't want American energy, she is strongly in favor of foreign energy. Here is what she told China as Secretary of State:American experts and Chinese experts will work to develop China's natural gas resources. Imagine what it would mean for China if China unleashed its own natural gas resources so you are not dependent on foreign oil. [Donald J. Trump Press Release, July. 31, 2016]Hillary Clinton will continue President Obama's goals of reducing methane emissions by 40-45 percent through standards for both new and existing sources, which will drastically increase the cost of natural gas [Donald J. Trump Press Release, Sept. 7, 2016]Hillary Clinton will escalate the war against American energy, and unleash the EPA to control every aspect of our lives:She declared that we've got to move away from coal and all the other fossil fuels locking away trillions in American wealth."he declared that we've got to move away from coal and allIn March, Hillary Clinton said: by the time we get through all of my conditions I do not think there will be many places in America where fracking will continue to take place." KeeHillary Clinton says her plan will put a lot of coal companies and coal miners out of business." [The Wall Street Journal Oct. 28]According to the Heritage Foundation, by 2030, the Obama-Clinton energy restrictions will eliminate another half a million manufacturing jobs, reduce economic output by $2.5 trillion dollars, and reduce incomes by $7,000 dollars per person [MilitaryTimes, July 20, 2016]Hillary Clinton says she'll put her husband 'in charge' of the economy -- which is half the job. [ABC News, May 15, 2016]Hillary Clinton's economic plans would send our economy into a tailspin: Whereas Trump will cut taxes and reduce anti-growth regulations, she plans massive new tax-and-spend policies, endless regulations and tight government control. Her corporatist trade and immigration deals would eviscerate the U.S. middle class.Clinton's policies are worse than current policies, which have already been evaluated as failures. The Federal Reserve has lowered its estimated growth rate to 1.8% per year through 2019 based on current policies. CBO expects only 2% growth per year for ten years.Transform America's crumbling infrastructure into a golden opportunity for accelerated economic growth and more rapid productivity gains with a deficit-neutral plan targeting substantial new infrastructure investments.Pursue an America's Infrastructure First" policy that supports investments in transportation, clean waterRefocus government spending on American infrastructure and away from the Obama-Clinton globalization agenda.Provide maximum flexibility to the states.Create thousands of new jobs in construction, steel manufacturing, and other sectors to build the transportation, water, telecommunications and energy infrastructure needed to enable new economic development in the U.S., all of which will generate new tax revenues.Put American steel made by American workers into the backbone of America's infrastructure.Leverage new revenues and work with financing authorities, public-private partnerships, and other prudent funding opportunities.Harness market forces to help attract new private infrastructure investments through a deficit-neutral system of infrastructure tax credits.Implement a bold, visionary plan for a cost-effective system of roads, bridges, tunnels, airports, railroads, ports and waterways, and pipelines in the proud tradition of President Dwight D. Eisenhower, who championed the interstate highway system.Link increases in spending to reforms that streamline permitting and approvals, improve the project delivery system, and cut wasteful spending on boondoggles.Employ incentive-based contracting to ensure projects are on time and on budget.Approve private sector energy infrastructure projects -- including pipelines and coal export facilities -- to better connect American coal and shale energy production with markets and consumers.Work with Congress to modernize our airports and air traffic control systems, end long wait times, and reform the FAA and TSA, while also ensuring that American travelers are safe from terrorism and other threats.Incorporate new technologies and innovations into our national transportation system such as state-of-the-art pipelines, advancements in maritime commerce, and the next generation of vehicles.Make clean water a high priority. Develop a long-term water infrastructure plan with city, state and federal leaders to upgrade aging water systems. Triple funding for state revolving loan fund programs to help states and local governments upgrade critical drinking water and wastewater infrastructure.Link increased investments with positive reforms to infrastructure programs that reduce waste and cut costs. Complete projects faster and at lower cost through significant regulatory reform and ending needless red-tape.The Trump Plan protects all low-income and middle-income Americans and lowers their taxes. As the Tax Foundation put it: Donald Trump's plan is a tax cut for all income groups while Hillary Clinton's plan is a tax increase on selected income groups". The Tax Foundation determDonald J. Trump's tax plan will increase the economy and grow jobs by almost 2 million, while Hillary Clinton's tax plan will shrink the economy and lose 300,000 jobs. In combination with the total economic reform agenda, the Trump economic plan will create at least 25 million jobs over the next 10 years. [Tax Foundation, Sept. 19, 2016], [Tax Foundation, Jan. 26, 2016].Hillary opposes school choice, furthering education inequities in America and denying low-income African-American and Latino children the future they deserve.Hillary Clinton claims Donald Trump's school choice proposal would decimate public schools across America."""illary Clinton claims Donald Trump's sch"It is no surprise Mrs. Clinton opposes school choice because she is supported by the staunchest opponents of school choice -- The American Federation of Teachers super PAC -- which donated $1.6 million to the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation and more than $2 million to Hillary's 2016 presidential campaign. [Wall Street Journal, June 28, 2016]Work with Congress to fully repeal the defense sequester and submit a new budget to rebuild our depleted military.Increase the size of the U.S. Army to 540,000 active duty soldiers, which the Army Chief of Staff says he needs to execute current missions.Rebuild the U.S. Navy toward a goal of 350 ships, as the bipartisan National Defense Panel has recommended.Provide the U.S. Air Force with the 1,200 fighter aircraft they need.Grow the U.S. Marine Corps to 36 battalions.Invest in a serious missile defense system to meet growing threats by modernizing our Navy's cruisers and procuring additional, modern destroyers to counter the ballistic missile threat from Iran and North Korea.Emphasize cyber warfare and require a comprehensive review from the Joint Chiefs of Staff and all relevant federal agencies to identify our cyber vulnerabilities and to protect all vital infrastructure and to create a state-of-the-art cyber defense and offense.Pay for this necessary rebuilding of our national defense by conducting a full audit of the Pentagon, eliminating incorrect payments, reducing duplicative bureaucracy, collecting unpaid taxes, and ending unwanted and unauthorized federal programs.Read Donald J. Trump's Plan to Upgrade America's Military, here.Read Mr. Trump's Remarks in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.Hillary Clinton has not proposed any specific solutions for childcare.Hillary Clinton will protect and expand disastrous Obamacare. She called Obamacare one of the great accomplishments not only of this president, but of the Democratic Party going back to Harry Truman." [CNN MoneyHillary Clinton will provide Obamacare to illegal aliens. [Hillary Clinton - Issues - Healthcare]Thirty-five percent of the uninsured are illegal aliens who are already getting free care in our emergency rooms, that is being paid for by American taxpayers. [Congressional Budget Office, March 2016]Hillary Clinton will offer a public option on the Exchanges, driving out private health plans and leaving Americans with fewer options and eventually no choices but a government run plan.Hillary will bring in 620,000 new refugees in a four-year term at a lifetime cost of over $400 billion. [U.S. Senate Immigration Subcommittee, June 27, 2016]Hillary Clinton has pledged amnesty in her first 100 days, and her plan will provide Obamacare, Social Security and Medicare for illegal immigrants -- breaking the federal budget. On top of that, she promises uncontrolled low-skilled immigration that continues to reduce jobs and wages for American workers, especially African-American and Hispanic workers.Hillary Clinton will give citizenship to illegal immigrants who compete directly against vulnerable American workers for the right to high-paying jobs, safe housing and good schools. [Donald J. Trump Press Release, July 28, 2016]Hillary Clinton will protect and expand President Obama's illegal and unconstitutional DACA and DAPA executive actions that give millions of illegal immigrants social security numbers, work authorization, travel authorization, eligibility for benefits, and tax credits in violation of the United States law.Hillary Clinton supports making illegal immigrants eligible for Obamacare, which will force American taxpayers to further subsidize illegal immigration.Hillary Clinton supports sanctuary cities, the catch-and-release program at the border, visa overstays, and the release of dangerous criminals from detention.Hillary Clinton has no plan to secure the border. The ICE agents call her plan the most radical immigration proposal in U.S. history."""illary Clinton has no plan to secure the border. The IC"Hillary Clinton has pledged to expand many of the President's most intrusive job-killing regulations, including anti-energy regulations on oil, shale and natural gas that will massively raise electricity prices and destroy millions of jobs.Hillary Clinton Has Vowed To 'Defend And Build On' The Obama Administration's Anti-Coal Regulations. [Donald J. Trump Press Release, August 11, 2016]Hillary Clinton placed U.S. secrets at risk by using an unsecured email system to send and receive classified emails. [Fortune, March 11, 2015]Hillary Clinton used a Blackberry on the territory of sophisticated adversaries" - contrary to best practices - and put her communications with the President and others at risk. [CNN July 5]Hillary Clinton claimed to not understand that C" means "Confidential" on sensitive documents. [The Hill Sept. 2]Hillary Clinton and her staff destroyed and bleached 33,000 emails rather than turn them over to the FBI.The next President of the United States could appoint as many as four Supreme Court justices. [CBS News, Jan. 5, 2016]Hillary Clinton could remake America by appointing the most extreme far-left Supreme Court threatening our basic rights and freedoms. [Newsweek, May 2016]ISIS is responsible for the deaths of more than 1,000 people outside of Iraq and Syria. [The New York Times, July 16, 2016]In 2014, ISIS was operating in some seven nations. Today they are fully operational in 18 countries with aspiring branches in six more regions, for a total of 24 branches. [NBC News, Aug. 8, 2016]Iran, the world's largest state sponsor of terrorism, is now flush with $150 billion in cash released by the United States -- plus another $400 million in ransom. [The Wall Street Journal, Aug. 3, 2016]Hillary Clinton supported NAFTA, supported China's entry into the World Trade Organization, and allowed China to run up $1 trillion in cumulative trade deficits with the United States as Secretary of State. When she sent American jobs overseas, she also sent our tax base that supports our infrastructure. She rebuilt foreign countries, while America's infrastructure crumbled.With Hillary Clinton's full support, the Obama Administration spent more than $840 billion in taxpayer dollars on the stimulus" program which they dishonestly sold to the American people on the basis that the money would go to "shovel-ready"Hillary Clinton proposes a massive $275 billion tax increase on American businesses to help fund an infrastructure bank" that is controlled by politicians and bureaucrats in Washington DC.""illary Clinton proposes a massive $275 billion tax increase on American businesses to he"Her tax hikes will drive more businesses and jobs out of America, further hollowing out our industrial and manufacturing base.Since Hillary Clinton will do nothing meaningful to fix the broken permitting and regulatory bureaucracy, very little real progress or improvements to our nation's infrastructure will ever take place. Hillary Clinton will also continue to block major infrastructure projects like the Keystone XL pipeline.Hillary Clinton supports open trade and open borders" which places America's transportation systems financial systemsWhile she was Secretary of State, the Obama Administration cut hundreds of billions of dollars from defense and ignored the warnings of their own Defense Secretary about the minimum defense budget necessary for national security. [The Weekly Standard, Feb. 3, 2015]The Obama-Clinton Administration tried repeatedly to dismantle the Navy's cruisers, the backbone of missile defense, even as the threat of ballistic missiles by Iran and North Korea grew rapidly. [Navy Times, April 19, 2016]Under Obama-Clinton, the U.S. Navy has been depleted to the point where key regions of the world have lacked any American aircraft carrier presence for months at a time. [Navy Times, Jan. 7, 2016]Ensure our veterans get the care they need wherever and whenever they need it. No more long drives. No more waiting backlogs. No more excessive red tape. Just the care and support they earned with their service to our country.Support the whole veteran, not just their physical health care, but also by addressing their invisible wounds, investing in our service members' post-active duty success, transforming the VA to meet the needs of 21st century service members, and better meeting the needs of our female veterans.Make the VA great again by firing the corrupt and incompetent VA executives who let our veterans down, by modernizing the VA, and by empowering the doctors and nurses to ensure our veterans receive the best care available in a timely manner.Donald J. Trump's 10 Point Plan to Reform The Department of Veterans Affairs1. Appoint a VA Secretary whose sole purpose will be to serve veterans. Under a Trump Administration, the needs of D.C. bureaucrats will no longer be placed above those of our veterans.2. Use the powers of the presidency to remove and discipline the federal employees and managers who have violated the public's trust and failed to carry out the duties on behalf of our veterans.3. Ask that Congress pass legislation that empowers the Secretary of the VA to discipline or terminate any employee who has jeopardized the health, safety or well-being of a veteran.4. Create a commission to investigate all the fraud, cover-ups, and wrong-doing that has taken place in the VA, and present these findings to Congress to spur legislative reform.5. Protect and promote honest employees at the VA who highlight wrongdoing, and guarantee their jobs will be protected.6. Create a private White House hotline, which will be active 24 hours a day answered by a real person. It will be devoted to answering veteran's complaints of wrongdoing at the VA and ensure no complaints fall through the cracks.7. Stop giving bonuses to any VA employees who are wasting money, and start rewarding employees who seek to improve the VA's service, cut waste, and save lives.8. Reform the visa system to ensure veterans are at the front of the line for health services, not the back.9. Increase the number of mental health care professionals, and allow veteran's to be able to seek mental health care outside of the VA.10. Ensure every veteran has the choice to seek care at the VA or at a private service provider of their own choice. Under a Trump Administration, no veteran will die waiting for service.Read More on Donald J. Trump's 10 Point Plan to Reform The Department of Veterans Affairs, here.Read Mr. Trump's Remarks in Virginia Beach, at the Veterans of Foreign Wars National Convention, and to the American Legion.Hillary Clinton Praised the Obama Administration for Its Handling of the VA Scandal. [Donald J. Trump Press Release, Sept. 7, 2016]Hillary Clinton Offensively Downplayed VA's Problems. [Donald J. Trump Press Release, Sept. 7, 2016]Hillary Clinton Refused to Apologize for Insulting Our Veterans Through Her Defense of the Corrupt VA. [The Wall Street Journal, Oct. 28, 2015]The Chairman of the House Veterans' Affairs Committee Recently Said Hillary Clinton Would Abandon VA Reforms. [Military Times, July 20, 2016]Defend the rule of law and the Constitution of the United States. Nobody is above the law.Uphold our freedoms, constitutional values and principles that our country was founded on.Protect our Constitutional liberties.Protect and defend the bill of rights, including the freedom of religion, speech, press and right to bear arms.View Donald J. Trump's list of Supreme Court Justice Picks, hereView Mr. Trump's position, here.Defend the Second Amendment of our Constitution. The right of the people to keep and bear Arms shall not be infringed upon. Period.Nominate United States Supreme Court justices that will abide by the rule of law and the Constitution of the United States that includes upholding the Second Amendment.Enforce the laws on the books. We need to get serious about prosecuting violent criminals.Expand and bring back programs like Project Exile and get gang members and drug dealers off the street. When we do, crime will go down and our cities and communities will be safer places to live.Empower law-abiding gun owners to defend themselves. Law enforcement does a tremendous job, but they can't be everywhere all of the time.Fix our broken mental health system. All of the tragic mass murders that occurred in the past several years have something in common -- there were red flags that were ignored. We can't allow that to continue. We must expand treatment programs, and reform the laws to make it easier to take preventive action to save innocent lives. Most people with mental health problems are not violent, but just need help, and these reforms will help everyone.Defend the rights of law-abiding gun owners:Military bases and recruiting centers - to have a strong military, we need to allow them to defend themselvesNational right to carry -- should be legal in all 50 statesBackground checks - we need to fix the system we have and make it work as intended. What we don't need to do is expand a broken system.Gun and magazine bans - the government has no business dictating what types of firearms good, honest people are allowed to ownPeace through strength will be at the center of our foreign policy. We will achieve a stable, peaceful world with less conflict and more common ground.Advance America's core national interests, promote regional stability, and produce an easing of tensions in the world. Work with Congress to fully repeal the defense sequester and submit a new budget to rebuild our depleted military.Rebuild our military, enhance and improve intelligence and cyber capabilities.End the current strategy of nation-building and regime change.Ensure our security procedures and refugee policy takes into account the security of the American people.Read Donald J. Trump's Plan to Make America Safe and Respected Again, here.Work with our Arab allies and friends in the Middle East in the fight against ISIS.Pursue aggressive joint and coalition military operations to crush and destroy ISIS, international cooperation to cutoff their funding, expand intelligence sharing, and cyberwarfare to disrupt and disable their propaganda and recruiting.Defeat the ideology of radical Islamic terrorism just as we won the Cold War.Establish new screening procedures and enforce our immigration laws to keep terrorists out of the United States.Suspend, on a temporary basis, immigration from some of the most dangerous and volatile regions of the world that have a history of exporting terrorism.Establish a Commission on Radical Islam to identify and explain to the American public the core convictions and beliefs of Radical Islam, to identify the warning signs of radicalization, and to expose the networks in our society that support radicalization.Read Donald J. Trump's Detailed Plan to Defeat ISIS, here.Read Mr. Trump's Remarks at the Center for the National Interest, in Manchester, New Hampshire, and in Youngstown, Ohio.Hillary Clinton could shift the Supreme Court radically to the left. In a Washington Times article, Senator Orrin Hatch stated, The next president's picks mean the difference between democracy and tyranny". [Donald J. Trump Press Release]""illary Clinton could shift the Supreme Court radically to the left. In a Washington Times article Senator OrrUnder the Obama-Hillary Administration, the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) admitted to targeting hundreds of conservative organizations. Using the federal government to target and silence political opponents. [Washington Post, May 10, 2013]Hillary Clinton has proven that she holds no respect for the rule of law and the Constitution of the United States. She lied to the American people and to the FBI regarding the use of her private email server and sending classified information:Hillary Clinton believes that she is above the law by having a private email server set up in the basement of her home while serving as Secretary of State. She sent classified information, even during her travels overseas, jeopardizing the national security of the American people by allowing her emails to be hacked by foreign intelligence services.FBI Director James Comey even stated that Secretary Clinton was extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive highly classified information". [FBI Statement on Hillary's Personal E-mail ServerHillary Clinton would give more authority and power to the federal government while stripping state rights. [The Hill, June 25, 2015]Hillary Clinton will appoint radical Supreme Court justices that will virtually abolish the Second Amendment.Hillary Clinton will overturn the Supreme Court ruling that affirmed the Second Amendment as a private right, so that any city or state in this country can ban private gun ownership.NRA CEO Wayne LaPierre explained: If she could Hillary would ban every gunBefore the Obama-Clinton Administration took over: Libya was stable, Syria was under control, Egypt was ruled by a secular president and an ally of the United States, Iraq was experiencing a reduction in violence, the group that would become what we now call ISIS was close to being extinguished, and Iran was being choked off by economic sanctions.Fast-forward to today: Libya is in ruins, our ambassador and three other brave Americans are dead, ISIS has gained a new base of operations, Syria is in the midst of a disastrous civil war, ISIS controls large portions of territory, a refugee crisis now threatens Europe and the United States, terrorists have gained a foothold in the Sinai desert, Iraq is in chaos, and ISIS is on the loose. ISIS has spread across the Middle East, and into the West.The Obama-Clinton election-driven timetable for withdrawal from Iraq led directly to the rise of ISIS. [Donald J. Trump Press Release, July 28, 2016]Secretary Hillary Clinton's forceful advocacy for the intervention in Libya to build a Democracy is regarded as President Obama's worst mistake. In addition, under Secretary Clinton, regime change in Syria and the overthrowing of Mubarak in Egypt destabilized the world. [Donald J. Trump Press Release, July 28, 2016]Hillary Clinton's State Department admitted five refugees and one translator who were later charged with terrorism and related crimes. [Donald J. Trump Press Release, Aug. 15, 2016]COMPELLING MEXICO TO PAY FOR THE WALLTO: Mr Robert Costa and Mr Bob WoodwardFrom: Donald TrumpSubject: Compelling Mexico to Pay for the WallIntroduction: The provision of the Patriot Act, Section 326 - the "know your customer" provision, compelling financial institutions to demand identity documents before opening accounts or conducting financial transactions is a fundamental element of the outline below. That section authorized the executive branch to issue detailed regulations on the subject, found at 31 CFR 130.120-121. It's an easy decision for Mexico: make a one-time payment of $5-10 billion to ensure that $24 billion continues to flow into their country year after year. There are several ways to compel Mexico to pay for the wall including the following:On day 1 promulgate a "proposed rule" (regulation) amending 31 CFR 130.121 to redefine applicable financial institutions to include money transfer companies like Western Union, and redefine "account" to include wire transfers. Also include in the proposed rule a requirement that no alien may wire money outside of the United States unless the alien first provides a document establishing his lawful presence in the United States.On day 2 Mexico will immediately protest. They receive approximately $24 billion a year in remittances from Mexican nationals working in the United States. The majority of that amount comes from illegal aliens. It serves as de facto welfare for poor families in Mexico. There is no significant social safety net provided by the state in Mexico.On day 3 tell Mexico that if the Mexican government will contribute the funds needed to the United States to pay for the wall, the Trump Administration will not promulgate the final rule, and the regulation will not go into effect.Trade tariffs, or enforcement of existing trade rules: There is no doubt that Mexico is engaging in unfair subsidy behavior that has eliminated thousands of U.S. jobs, and which we are obligated to respond to; the impact of any tariffs on the price imports will be more than offset by the economic and income gains of increased production in the United States, in addition to revenue from any tariffs themselves.Mexico needs access to our markets much more than the reverse, so we have all the leverage and will win the negotiation. By definition, if you have a large trade deficit with a nation, it means they are selling far more to you than the reverse - thus they, not you, stand to lose from enforcing trade rules through tariffs (as has been done to save many U.S. industries in the past).Cancelling visas: Immigration is a privilege, not a right. Mexico is totally dependent on the United States as a release valve for its own poverty - our approvals of hundreds of thousands of visas to their nationals every year is one of our greatest leverage points. We also have leverage through business and tourist visas for important people in the Mexican economy. Keep in mind, the United States has already taken in 4X more migrants than any other country on planet earth, producing lower wages and higher unemployment for our own citizens and recent migrants.Visa fees: Even a small increase in visa fees would pay for the wall. This includes fees on border crossing cards, of which more than 1 million are issued a year. The border-crossing card is also one of the greatest sources of illegal immigration into the United States, via overstays. Mexico is also the single largest recipient of U.S. green cards, which confer a path to U.S. citizenship. Again, we have the leverage so Mexico will back down.Conclusion: Mexico has taken advantage of us in another way as well: gangs, drug traffickers and cartels have freely exploited our open borders and committed vast numbers of crimes inside the United States. The United States has borne the extraordinary daily cost of this criminal activity, including the cost of trials and incarcerations. Not to mention the even greater human cost. We have the moral high ground here, and all the leverage. It is time we use it in order to Make America Great Again.