Hello, everybody. That's a very bright sun. Beautiful day in Washington. I will say that we've had tremendous reports coming out of the economy -- it's been incredible -- and numbers like we haven't seen before. And we have the strongest economy in the world: 266,000 jobs; you can add another 40 to that.It's about 300,000 jobs. Very importantly, it's 50- or 55,000 manufacturing jobs. We're the envy of the world. Our economy is the envy of the world, and we're going to keep it that way. So that's very important. I spoke with the King of Saudi Arabia. They are devastated in Saudi Arabia. We're finding out what took place, whether it's one person or a number of people.And the King will be involved in taking care of families and loved ones. He feels very strongly. He's very, very devastated by what happened and what took place. Likewise, the Crown Prince. They are devastated by what took place in Pensacola. And I think they're going to help out the families very greatly.But, right now, they send their condolences. And, as you know, I've sent my condolences. It's a very shocking thing. And we'll find out -- we'll get to the bottom of it very quickly. This has been done for many decades. We've been doing this with other countries, foreign countries. I guess we're going to have to look into the whole procedure.We'll start that immediately. And other than that, anybody have any questions?Well, I just know he came back from someplace, and he's going to make a report, I think to the Attorney General and to Congress. He says he has a lot of good information. I have not spoken to him about that information. But Rudy, as you know, has been one of the great crime fighters of the last 50 years.And he did get back from Europe just recently, and I know -- he has not told me what he found, but I think he wants to go before Congress and say -- and also to the Attorney General and the Department of Justice. I hear he's found plenty, yeah.Well, we'll see about North Korea. I'd be surprised if North Korea acted hostile-y. I have a very good relationship with Kim Jong Un. I think we both want to keep it that way. He knows I have an election coming up. I don't think he wants to interfere with that. But we'll have to see. He's somebody that I've gotten along with very well for three years, and he's gotten along with me very well.So we'll see how it goes. But I really don't think he wants to interfere with the election. I think he'd like to see something happen. The relationship is very good, but, you know, there is certain hostility, there's no question about it. I don't know that his relationship with South Korea is very good, but we're going to find out.Yeah, we're very happy to have our hostage back. The whole Princeton University community is very thrilled. And there was a one-on-one hostage swap. And we are very -- actually, I think it was a great thing for Iran. I think it was great to show that we can do something. It might have been a precursor as to what can be done.But we have our hostage back. We've been trying to get him back. He was taken during the Obama administration. We got him back during the Trump administration, so we're very happy about that.Say it? What?Well, I don't know. I know this: That the impeachment thing is a total hoax. The numbers have totally swung our way. They don't want to see impeachment, especially in the swing states; they've swung our way. I've never seen a swing like this. Because people realize it's a total hoax. We had a perfect conversation.It was only a conversation. Nothing came out of the conversation except a good relationship with Ukraine. And the people see that it's just a continuation of this three-year witch hunt. And I'm looking forward to seeing the IG report. I hear they're announcing it on Monday. And I look forward very much to seeing what happens with the Durham report, maybe even more importantly -- because it's a horrible thing that took place and it should never happen to another President.So I'll be going to Florida right now. We have a very, very big and successful meeting with Republicans, and we're also meeting with Jewish committees -- and separately; we're doing two. And I believe you're going to be covering at least one of them. So I'll see you in a little while. Thank you.So, I'm going to London, to NATO. We're fighting for the American people. It has not been a fair situation for us because we pay far too much. As you know, Secretary Stoltenberg said that we were responsible, I was responsible, for getting over $130 billion extra from other countries that we protect, that weren't paying.They were delinquent. So we'll be talking about that. We'll be talking about a lot of things. We are leading the world now on the economy, and we have been almost since I became President. But we're substantially ahead of anybody else; nobody is even close. You know that very well. And I look forward to having a number of very, very productive days for our country.We'll be working hard. Do you have a question?Well, it doesn't make it better, but we'll see what happens.So, the Democrats -- the radical-Left Democrats, the Do Nothing Democrats -- decided, when I'm going to NATO -- this was set up a year ago -- that when I'm going to NATO, that was the exact time -- this is one of the most important journeys that we make as President. And for them to be doing this and saying this, and putting an impeachment on the table -- which is a hoax, to start off with.If you noticed, there was breaking news today. The Ukrainian President came out and said, very strongly, that "President Trump did absolutely nothing wrong." That should be case over. But he just came out a little while ago and he said, "President Trump did absolutely nothing wrong." And that should end everything.But it will never end it, because they want to do what they want to do. And they're getting killed in their own districts. I think it's going to be a tremendous boon for the Republicans. The Republicans have never, ever been so committed as they are right now, and so united. So it's really a great thing in some ways, but in other ways, it's a disgrace.It's a disgrace for our country.I loved going to Afghanistan. It was great meeting with -- as you know, we had some very good meetings with a lot of people, including Ghani. You know that, right? And he was terrific. It was great meeting with him. But my trip to Afghanistan was very successful. Now we're going to London, and it'll be NATO, and we're meeting with a lot of countries.And they're going to have to do a little more burden-sharing.Say it?The Chinese are always negotiating. I'm very happy where we are. And, frankly, I could be other places that I can do all by myself and be even happier. But you understand what that means. But the Chinese want to make a deal. We'll see what happens.Well, Brazil has really discounted -- if you take a look at what's happened with their currency, they've devalued their currency very substantially, by 10 percent. Argentina also. And I gave them a big break on tariffs, but now I'm taking that break off because it's very unfair to our manufacturers and very unfair to our farmers.Our steel companies will be very happy, and our farmers will be very happy with what I did.Because the whole thing is a hoax. Everybody knows it. All you have to do is look at the words of the Ukrainian President that he just issued, and you know it's a hoax. It's an absolute disgrace what they're doing to our country. Thank you. Thank you very much.So, thank you very much. We're going to Austin, Texas. Apple is opening up a fantastic facility. They're spending a tremendous amount of money. And I've been asking Tim Cook from the day I got elected -- from the campaign, I've been asking Tim Cook to, if they would, we want to see Apple build here; that way, you have no tariffs.There's no tariffs. When companies come to our country and they build, there's no tariffs. The economy is doing unbelievably well. We continue to talk to China. China wants to make a deal. The question is: Do I want to make a deal? Because I like what's happening right now. We're taking in billions and billions of dollars.I'm going to go very quickly -- just a quick comment on what's going on in terms of testimony with Ambassador Sondland. And I just noticed one thing, and I would say that means it's all over. "What do want from Ukraine?" he asks me, screaming. "What do you want from Ukraine? I keep hearing all these different ideas and theories." This is Ambassador Sondland speaking to me. Just happened.To which I turned off the television. "What do you want from Ukraine? I keep hearing all these different ideas and theories…What do you want?" "What do you want?" "It was a very short and abrupt conversation" that he had with me. They said, "He was not in a good mood." I'm always in a good mood. I don't know what that is. He just said -- now he's talking about what my response.So, he's going: 'What do you want? What do you want? I hear all these theories. What do you want?' Right? And now, here's my response that he gave -- just gave. Ready? You have the cameras rolling? "I want nothing." "That's what I want from Ukraine." That's what I said. "I want nothing." I said it twice.So, he goes -- he asks me the question: "What do you want? I keep hearing all of these things. What do you want?" He finally gets me -- I don't know him very well. I have not spoken to him much. This is not a man I know well. Seems like a nice guy, though. But I don't know him well. He was with other candidates.He actually supported other candidates -- not me. Came in late. But here's my response. Now, if you weren't fake news, you'd cover it properly. I'd say to the Ambassador in response: "I want nothing. I want nothing. I want no quid pro quo. Tell Zelensky" -- President Zelensky -- "to do the right thing." So here's my answer: "I want nothing.I want nothing. I want no quid pro quo. Tell Zelensky to do the right thing." Then he says, "This is the final word…from the President of the United States." "I want nothing." Thank you, folks. Have a good time. I'm going to Texas.Thank you very much, everybody. Please. I want to begin by welcoming the First Lady with us, today, and the First Lady of Turkey. Thank you very much for being here. This is a great honor to have you. And we had a wonderful and a very productive meeting. And before we start, I would like to thank President Erdoğan for releasing detainee Serkan Golge, who was in detention -- in different forms of detention.And I appreciate that very much. That was a very nice tribute. And he'll be coming back at some point in the not-too-distant future. So, that's -- that's very good news for the United States and also very good news for Turkey. Turkey, as everyone knows, is a great NATO Ally, and a strategic partner of the United States around the world.Our economic relationship has tremendous potential and continues to expand and to grow. Direct engagement and diplomacy between our nations are essential to ensuring a future of peace, and prosperity, and promise for our citizens. Over the course of the day, President Erdoğan and I had a frank and productive conversation on a range of very important topics.Among those topics we discussed was the situation in Syria. Last month, I sent Vice President Pence; Secretary of State Pompeo is with us; National Security Advisor O’Brien -- thank you -- to meet with President Erdoğan in the hopes of ending all of the hostilities. The negotiations were very successful, and the United States and Turkey achieved a tremendous amount on that day.And I think we're working toward getting it better and better. It's a complicated situation. It's been going on for hundreds of years. Today, the ceasefire continues to hold. And I want to thank the President for his partnership and cooperation as we work to build a more stable, and peaceful, and prosperous Middle East.We've assured each other that Turkey will continue to uphold what it's supposed to uphold. I'm a big fan of the President, I have to tell you that. And I know that the ceasefire, while complicated, is moving forward and moving forward at a very rapid clip. There's a lot of people that want to see that work after so many decades and so many centuries, you might say.The United States and Turkey are working extensively on many other security issues. Turkey has the second-largest armed forces in NATO after the United States. And they're a very strong second, I might add. And I'm pleased that Turkey has been steadily increasing its defense spending and is very close to the 2-percent-of-GDP range, unlike many of the other countries.At this moment, they're 8 out of the 28 countries that are current, in terms of their obligation, financially. Turkey has made a vital contribution to NATO’s Resolute Support Mission in Afghanistan, and its partnership was important to our destruction of the ISIS caliphate. In fact, just recently, when we took out al-Baghdadi -- and take him out, we did -- Turkey knew that we were going over certain areas.They were very, very helpful, and we appreciate that very much. Good for both countries. We really appreciate it. We're grateful to President Erdoğan and to the citizens of Turkey for their cooperation in the constant struggle against terrorism. He fights it like we do. Key to our security collaboration is our trade -- defense and military equipment program.American Foreign Military Sales to Turkey total many billions of dollars, and Turkey supplies component parts to many American defense programs. They make parts of the frame, as an example, for the F-35. Turkey’s acquisition of sophisticated Russian military equipment, such as the S-400, creates some very serious challenges for us, and we are talking about it constantly.We talked about it today. We're talking about it in the future. Hopefully, we'll be able to resolve that situation. We've asked our Secretary of State, and Minister of Foreign Affairs, and our respective national security advisors to immediately work on resolving the S-400 issue. We've also recently agreed to work toward a $100 billion two-way trade agreement -- Secretary Ross is here -- and I think we've made tremendous progress on that.We have a lot of trade with Turkey, but it could be many times larger -- and Turkey would like to see that, and it would also be good for the United States. So we intend to bring it up to $100 billion. That would be four times what it is right now. Our goal is to expand commerce between the United States and Turkey, reduce our trade deficit, and ensure a truly fair and reciprocal relationship.We are, just for those of you that have any interest -- we discussed it, today, also -- our trade agreement with China is moving along very rapidly. We'll see what happens, but it's moving along rapidly. China wants to make a deal, that I can tell you. One of my chief priorities as President has been removing the barriers to American trade and investment, and ending the illicit practices that harm our workers.We encourage Turkey to further open its markets -- and they are doing that; they're doing that very much -- toward American goods and American services. Our markets are open. Turkey is opening up their markets and they're opening up rapidly. Mr. President, as we have seen in recent weeks, the U.S.-Turkish alliance can be a powerful force for security and stability not only in the Middle East, but beyond.I look forward to working with you. And to your representatives, I want to thank you very much all for being here. I've gotten to become very familiar with all of you, and I really appreciate it. You're doing a fantastic job for the people of Turkey. And I look forward to continuing to find common ground, harness common purpose, and to advance the vital interests of our people and the abiding friendship between our nations.We have a great relationship, both personally and with the great country of Turkey, and we look forward to moving that forward and making it an even bigger and better relationship. Thank you very much. Thank you.First and foremost, I would like to thank my dear friend, President Trump, and the First Lady of the United States for being such gracious hosts today. We've managed to comprehensively discuss all the issues in our agendas with Mr. President all throughout the day and the discussions were very sincere. We all agree that we need to further profound our cooperation and that Turkish-American relations should be erected upon a strong and a very healthy foundation.I think we should remain resolved, in order to open a new chapter in our relations, which are in full compliance with our deeply rooted alliance. We have reciprocally stated our will to fight terrorist organizations imposing a clear and a present danger upon our national security. We have especially underlined the significance of fighting against Daesh in a sustained fashion, especially in the aftermath of the demise of Baghdadi -- the death of Baghdadi.We have detained several prisoners trying to flee the prisons in Syria and come to Turkey, and we currently have more than 200 Daesh terrorists who have been incarcerated. And with the Operation Peace Spring initiated on October the 9th, Turkey took another step forward in fighting terrorism in a very resolute fashion.Our country, with this operation, blew a very significant impact upon the separatist agenda of terrorist organizations, such as PKK and YPG in Syria. In order to further strengthen our cooperation in Syria, we believe we have gained a significant momentum with our October 17th agreement or memorandum. But in order to harm this memorandum, PKK and YPG are attacking our soldiers and the civilians in a very provocative fashion.And, in the last 24 hours, more than 19 attacks and harassing shots took place. And at the beginning of this month, in Tal Abyad, a bomb was placed -- an explosive device was placed in an outdoor market and, as a result of the explosion, 13 civilian lives were lost. Despite all of these developments, in order to settle the conflict in Syria in a sustained fashion, we are reiterating our commitment to our memorandum -- our agreement with the United States.But some circles who are empathetic towards these terrorist organizations are feeling deeply upset. They are deeply disturbed and they are using this information in order to cloud the understanding of the public opinion and that perception with the eventual gain or goal of harming our relations. And some historical developments and allegations are being used in order to dynamite our reciprocal and bilateral relations.Especially in the House of Representatives, some of the resolutions that were passed on October 29th served this very purpose and hurt deeply the Turkish nation, and they have a potential of casting a deep shadow over our bilateral relations. And I shared this information with Mr. President. The decision makers in an incident that took place about 104 years ago should not be politicians, but historians.We have nothing to hide, and we have a full self-esteem in that regard. But I need to state very clearly that we are, as Turkey, on the side of dialogue and open discussion and debate. And we have voiced our proposals to the Armenian party to open the archives reciprocally and establish a history commission.I believe the Senate will take this -- take the United States out of this vicious cycle, which happened as a result of the resolution of the House of Representatives. Turkey and the United States stand side by side in order to fully eradicate Daesh and in order to bring peace and stability to Syria once and for all.And for this purpose, we should keep on working together. Turkey remains, or it should be, the most reliable partner of the United States in this region to achieve these targets. We are the only NATO Ally, as Turkey, who has fought Daesh in a very resolved fashion. And until so far, we have detained 7,680 foreign fighters and we have sent them back to their countries of origin.And we have been entry to 77,000 individuals who are considered to be affiliated with Daesh terrorist organization. And, right now, in our presence, a total of 1,216 Daesh members are incarcerated, coming from 40 different countries. We have quite recently detained 287 individuals, including women and children who have fled the prisons that PKK and YPG used to control.Our country is being showcased as a target and this terrorist organization caused 304 Turkish citizens to die -- and against which we are going to keep on fighting. And it's very important to understand that the foreign fighters should be accepted by the countries of origin. And we have the same understanding with President Trump in order to convince the countries of origin to do this.Distinguished ladies and gentlemen, we have a border line of 911 kilometers with Syria. And when the war broke out, nine years ago, we were the ones at the forefront impacted heavily and maybe the most. Currently, we have 3,650,000 Syrian refugees and a total of more than 4,000,000 refugees. And we have spent about $40 billion, even beyond that, for these refugees in our country.And until so far, Europe only sent €3 billion, despite a higher pledge. Through our NGOs and, similarly, we are providing sustained humanitarian aid to more than 3 million people living on the Syrian territory. Back in the year 2015, at the G20 Antalya Summit, I launched an appeal in order to establish a safe zone in Syria.But because of the delay, hundreds of -- tens of thousands of civilian lives were lost. This problem cannot continue forever and ever. Previously, with our Operation Euphrates Shield and Operation Olive Branch, we have managed to clear an area of 4,000 square kilometers of terrorist presence. And I agree with the proposals of the -- of the President.It’s very important to realize our goals. I said Operation Euphrates Shield and Operation Olive Branch -- and, through these operations, we’ve managed to repatriate 365,000 Syrians back to their motherlands, especially in Jarabulus. And thanks to the Operation Peace Spring, we have secured many towns and many villages, and the rightful settlers are going back.We have shared our projects with President Trump and our several plans for the safe zone. And with the support of the United Nations and international community, we can repatriate many more Syrian refugees in the northern part of Syria. We’re talking about an area of 444 kilometers in length and 32 kilometers in depth.One million people can be repatriated. And in Raqqa and Deir az-Zor, 1 million more individuals can be repatriated. So, a total of 2 million refugees can be repatriated. Ladies and gentlemen, as you know, the Fethullahist Terrorist Organization, known as “FETÖ,” attempted to destroy the constitutional order of Turkey with a failed coup attempt, and it is a terrorist organization behind this failed coup.They have killed 251 individuals, harming 2,193 citizens. And they have even dared to bomb our parliament -- airborne. We have once again accentuated our expectations vis-� -vis our friends at the U.S. administration to once and for all eradicate FETÖ presence here. And we have also discussed with President Trump how to achieve the $100 billion trade-volume threshold as soon as possible.We believe that we should not confuse political incidents with commerce-related aspirations. And our secretaries of commerce are currently heavily invested in achieving the $100 billion threshold. We hope and pray that we will shy away from certain measures which will make it much more challenging for us to reach these targets.And we have also quite naturally discussed our deeply rooted relations in the field of defense industry, primarily the S-400 system and the F-35 program. We can only surmount the hurdles that we experienced through dialogue. My dear friend previously stated, back in Osaka at the G20 Summit, the injustice orchestrated against Turkey, in terms of the acquisition of Patriot missiles.And we have clearly stated to President Trump that, under suitable circumstances, we could acquire Patriot missiles as well. As Turkey, we are ready and committed to sustain a very constructive dialogue with the United States Congress, and this is an idea that I’ve shared with President Trump as well. So with these thoughts in mind, I hope and pray that our discussions and deliberations all throughout the day with President Trump will yield the most auspicious results.I would like to take this opportunity to thank President Trump for their kind invitation and for being such gracious hosts all throughout the day. On behalf of my personal self, on behalf of my delegation, I would like to thank you. [Applause] Well, thank you very much, Mr. President. And I called up the Senate; I asked a couple of our senators.And we really ended up with five -- and others wanting to come, and we‘ll keep them apprised. But some of them joined us. They happen to be here. Senator Jim Risch. Thank you, Jim, very much. Ted Cruz, thank you very much. Lindsey Graham. Lindsey, thank you. And Rick Scott. Thank you, Rick, very much. Joni is here -- Joni Ernst -- someplace.These are people that want to see peace in the Middle East and I thought it would be appropriate to have them come over. And they met with the President and we had a lot of very frank discussion. And we’re dealing with a very big subject -- a complex subject. It’s been going on for centuries, in many cases.But we’re making a lot of progress -- tremendous progress in the Middle East. Okay, a couple of questions. Go ahead, OAN. Go ahead.Thank you.Are you talking about the witch hunt? Is that what you mean? Is that what you’re talking about? I hear it’s a joke. I haven’t watched. I haven’t watched for one minute because I’ve been with the President, which is much more important, as far as I’m concerned. This is a sham and shouldn’t be allowed.It was a situation that was caused by people that shouldn’t have allowed it to happen. I want to find out who is the whistleblower because the whistleblower gave a lot of very incorrect information, including my call with the President of Ukraine, which was a perfect call and highly appropriate. And he wrote something that was much different than the fact.I want to find out why the IG -- why would he have presented that, when, in fact, all he had to do was check the call itself and he would have seen it. I’m going to be releasing -- I think, on Thursday -- a second call, which actually was the first of the two. And you’ll make a determination as to what you think there.But I’ve heard -- just a report -- they said it’s all third-hand information. Nothing direct at all. It can’t be direct because I never said it. And all they have to do is look very, very simply at the transcript. If you read the transcript -- this was analyzed by great lawyers. This was analyzed by Gregg Jarrett.It was analyzed by Mark Levin. It was analyzed by everybody. They said this statement that I made -- the whole call that I made with the President of Ukraine was a perfect one. So -- that this country gets put through that, that we have to waste this gentleman’s time by even thinking about it, talking about it -- I’d much rather focus on peace in the Middle East.And I hear that it’s -- I hear that it’s a hoax, and it’s being played as a hoax. That’s what I hear, but you’ll have to tell me. Go ahead.Yeah.Well, no. I think that, frankly, Europe should be paying for this, to a large extent. As of this moment, Turkey has been paying for most of it. I think the President was saying today, they've spent over $40 billion on the cost of that -- $40 billion.Forty. That's what I said. [Laughter] Whatever. He spent a lot, okay? [Laughter] They’re giving -- they're throwing out all these different numbers. I heard it was $40 billion. How was that -- $40 billion? Correct? So, $40 billion. And I've heard that number from others. And that's a lot. Europe has contributed about €3. And a lot of these people would go all throughout Europe.I mean, it would be a -- a devastating situation for Europe, because he's got 4 million people. He has a lot of Kurds, too, that they're helping and taking care of. So, I have spoken to Europe about it. I think they should help us with ISIS because many of them left France and they left Germany and they left UK -- they left different countries.And these countries should help us because if they ever did get released, which we won't be doing -- but if they ever did get released, that's where they want to go. They want to go back to France and Germany and UK and all of those other countries that are not helping us. I gave them the option, "Would you like to have them back?" And, intelligently, they said, "No, thank you." But that's not right and it's not fair.I can tell you also that Turkey captured -- when they -- some escaped during the conflict, when they had the heavy shooting. And, I mean, I think I know how they happened to escape, but it's one of those things. Doesn't matter, because Turkey captured everybody that escaped, plus an additional group. When we took over, when I became President, ISIS was rampant all over the Middle East.And, as of about a month ago, I think, Lindsey, we can say that we have now 100 percent of the caliphate. And they'll always try and grow, but they haven't been able to do that. And what we did last week with al-Baghdadi -- who is the absolute founder, leader -- set them back. We also got his number two, and we have our sights on his number three.So, they're not going to be growing too fast. But I will say, Turkey has been helping us a lot.Thank you very much. Would you like to pick somebody?A friendly person from Turkey, please. Friendly. Only friendly reporters we like to see. There aren't ---- too many of them around.Thank you.Well, I had a very good talk with him. We had a very good -- recently. And we're working very closely together, and we're also working very closely together with your great President. And a lot of things are happening. A lot of very positive developments are happening. A lot of that is definition: what's your definition of the various groups within the Kurds -- you call the “Kurds” -- and then you have various groups.And some like them, and some don't. But I think we've made a tremendous amount of -- we've gained a tremendous amount of momentum and strength and knowledge over the last short period of time. So, we'll see what happens. But I will say that the relationship with President Erdoğan and Turkey has been outstanding.And, you know, it's a major country with a tremendous military. They're one of our very big purchasers of military equipment. They have the finest equipment in the world, which the United States makes. We make, by far, the best equipment in the world. Turkey understood that a long time ago. So, I think a tremendous amount of progress is being made.Okay? Thank you very much. You could ask the President a question, now. Same reporter. You're sure you're a reporter? You don’t work for Turkey with that question? [Laughter]Fox, please.I know nothing about that. First time I've heard it. The one thing I've seen that Sondland said was that he did speak to me for a brief moment, and I said, "No quid pro quo under any circumstances." And that’s true. And the other -- I'd never heard this. In any event, it's more secondhand information, but I've never heard it.I don’t recall. No, not at all. Not even a little bit. The only thing -- and I guess Sondland has stayed with testimony that there was no quid pro quo. Pure and simple. Yes, please.President, please.Yup. Thank you very much. I appreciate that.Right.Well, thank you very much. And I will say that we've had a great relationship with the Kurds. And we fought with them very successfully against ISIS. We fought together. We had -- we have great generals and we have great equipment, and it's certainly helped a lot. But we were very, very successful. And we captured, as I said before, 100 percent.I was going to -- when we were at 97 percent, I was going to say, "Well, that sounds pretty high to me." And I was thinking about stopping it then. And a lot of people said, "Please, go to 100." And very quickly, very rapidly, the military got the 100. I wanted to have that. But we have a great relationship with the Kurds -- we have had.We're with them now; we get along with them. And, by the way, I think the President, he may have some factions within the Kurds, but I think the President has a great relationship with the Kurds. Many Kurds live currently in Turkey. And they're happy and they're taken care of, including healthcare -- we were talking about it before -- including healthcare and education and other things.So that's really a misnomer. But our relationship with the Kurds has been a very good one. Okay? Thank you.What are they? PYD and YPG -- which are offshoots of the terrorist organization, PKK. Just as we have no problems with our brothers and sisters in the northern part of Iraq, where we enjoy great relations, and we have no problems with, similarly, our brothers and sisters in the northern part of Syria, during the times when Assad was not recognizing the Kurdish presence in the northern part, I told him that he needs to give these individuals passports and that he was making a mistake.And secondly, there is something really important. I want you to know this: My political party has more than 50 MPs of Kurdish ethnicity in the Turkish parliament. We don't have problems with the Kurds, but we have problems with the terrorists. And, of course, you're not going to own up to the terrorists, are you -- whoever they are, whoever they might be? But we have to make a distinction here.We're just fighting terrorists, period. Because the terrorists don't have an ethnicity, they don't have a nationality, they don't have a flag. If they're terrorists, that is a terrorist. If you don't fight back, then tomorrow you will have to pay a very hefty price. Thank you. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you. Thank you very much.I look forward to seeing a lot of things. But on Monday, in particular, our stock market has just broken another record, as you see. Our economy is doing phenomenally well. Our jobs numbers just broke yet another record. They're higher than ever before. Our country is doing better than it's ever done. Our military is rebuilt.It was a mess when I took over. And a lot of good things are happening, and now I'm going to watch Alabama-LSU, and that'll be a lot of fun. So, we look forward to it. Do you have a question? Go ahead.They're moving along. They're moving along. They've moved slowly. Much too slowly for me. But they want to make the deal much more than I do. But the trade talks with China are moving along, I think, very nicely. If we make the deal that we want, it'll be a great deal. And if it's not a great deal, I won't make it. But the trade deal is moving along, and China wants to be there.Well, there was a lot of incorrect reporting, but you'll see what I'm going to be doing.But we've taken in tens of billions of dollars of tariffs. I gave $28 billion -- 16 and 12 -- to our farmers. And it's been pretty amazing what we've done. Our farmers are very happy. We have to make the right deal for the farmers, manufacturers, for everybody. And if we don’t make that right deal, we're not going to make a deal.Well, you'll see. There's a difference on tariffs, but we're going to always get tariffs. We never got anything. Just so you understand, China, forever, never paid us 10 cents. Now we have -- literally, we will soon have, literally, hundreds of billions of dollars coming in from China. We never got anything from China.So, a lot of very positive things are happening. I think that people will be amazed. Just to say, again: I'd like to make a deal, but it's got to be the right deal. China very much wants to make a deal. They're having the worst year they've had in 57 years. Their supply chain is all broken, like an egg. They want to make a deal.Perhaps they have to make a deal. I don't know. I don’t care. That's up to them. But the reports were incorrect.The level of tariff lift is incorrect.No, no. I don’t care if they're public; they should be public. What I said -- it was misreported, as usual. What I said is very simple: There shouldn’t be anything. There shouldn’t be impeachment hearings, is what I said. So maybe they misconstrued it. But what I say is: Read the transcript. It's all about the transcript.They're having people -- I never even heard of some of these people; I don't know who they are. And, by the way, it's all third-hand knowledge. But regardless of what anyone says, read the transcript. Now, they want to have a transcript of the other call, the second call. And I'm willing to provide that.We'll probably give it to you on Tuesday. Monday being a holiday, we'll probably give it to you on Tuesday. But we have another transcript coming out, which is very important. They asked for it, and I gladly give it. There's never been a President who's been so transparent. This is a witch hunt at the highest level, and it's so bad for our country.But here's the deal: Read the transcript. You'll see the call. Now I'll give you a second transcript, because I actually had two calls with the President of Ukraine. So you'll read the second call and you'll tell me if you think there's anything wrong with it. But never in history has anybody gone through this. It's a witch hunt, and it should never happen to another President. Thank you. Thank you.So, the stock market hit an all-time high yesterday. The country is doing really well. The witch hunt continues. A lot of witch hunt continues.The Republicans have never been so united, and I think the people of our country have never been so united.We're going to Alabama. We're going to watch the Alabama game versus LSU, two great teams. I think it's going to be very interesting.And on Monday we have a very big parade in New York, so that'll be good. Have a good time. Strongest economy we've ever had. Number one. Thank you.I just told them, "I've got to come over and see the fake news." Let's go. What do you have, John?I'm not concerned about anything. The testimony has all been fine. I mean, for the most part, I've never even heard of these people. I have no idea who they are. They're some very fine people; you have some Never-Trumpers. It seems that nobody has any firsthand knowledge. There is no firsthand knowledge.And all that matters is one thing: the transcript. And the transcript is perfect. Mark Levin, last night, on television -- who is a great constitutional lawyer -- he broke it down. He said, "What Trump said…" And he was respectful, he said, "President Trump." "What President Trump said was perfect on the transcript.What he said on that telephone call with the President of Ukraine was perfect." He said, "No other -- nothing else matters. And what he said was perfect." And he analyzed it -- every line, every paragraph. It was not complex; it was perfect. Nothing else matters. With that being said, every one of those people cancel themselves out.So what they do is they go all over Washington, "Let's find 10 people that hate President Trump the most, and let's put them up there." Now, in some cases, they really turned out to be very much honest and fair. But in no cases have I been hurt. In no cases, that I see, have I been hurt.Well, they shouldn't be having public hearings. This is a hoax. This is just like the Russian witch hunt. This is just a continuation. When you look at the lawyer for the whistleblower, I thought it ended when they found out that the lawyer was so compromised. I mean, the lawyer is a bad guy. So, you look at that.I thought that was the end of it. No, this is just a continuation of the hoax. It's a disgraceful thing. In the meantime, we've got the best markets we've ever had -- stock markets. We have the best unemployment numbers we've ever had. We have the best employment numbers we've ever had. We have almost 160 million people -- we've never been even close to that.So we're doing it -- but unfortunately, you people don't want to talk about that.Well, they'd like to have a rollback. I haven't agreed to anything. China would like to get somewhat of a rollback -- not a complete rollback, because they know I won't do it. But we're getting along very well with China. They want to make a deal. Frankly, they want to make a deal a lot more than I do. I'm very happy right now.We're taking in billions of dollars. I'm very happy. China would like to make a deal much more than I would.Well, I haven't gotten involved. I saw he said very nice things about me last night, but we'll have to see. I'll have to see.I haven't made --I haven't made a determination.I don't even think about it.Well, I'll tell you what, it's a very simple thing. I had a very good call with the President of Ukraine. I assume that's what you're talking about. The call was perfect. Now, they're after -- I have a second call, which nobody knew about, and I guess they want that call to be produced also. You've heard that, John.So I have a second call -- I had a second call with the President, which actually, I believe, came before this one. And now they all want that one. And if they want it, I'll give it to them. I haven't seen it recently, but I'll give it to them. But I had a call before this one with the President of Ukraine.I understand they'd like it, and I have no problem giving it to them. I have no problem giving it.We are looking for corruption. We're giving hundreds of millions of dollars, and we're looking for corruption. And all you have to do is take a look at Biden, and you'll see tremendous corruption, because what he did is quid pro quo times 10.And let me just tell you --Be quiet.Quiet.Quiet.Quiet.Are you ready?I never spoke to him about anything. It's up to Bill Barr. Bill Barr can do whatever he wants to do. But I saw the same tape on television. And the tape shows that Joe Biden is a crook. He's 100 percent crooked. And the fake news, which is you and you -- you don't want to do anything about it.His son walked out with millions of dollars from Ukraine, millions of dollars from China. He doesn't know anything. He walked away with a stash. It's a corrupt deal. It's a corrupt enterprise. And if the press did it right, it's a hell of a story.Well, we're looking at different -- assuming we get it. You know, I never like to talk about things until we have them. But it could be Iowa or farm country or someplace like that. It will be in our country, but it could be -- it could be someplace like that, John.No, I don't think so. I think we'd go more in the farm belt.No, I won't. I'll see how it all goes. You have some very good candidates. Look, Alabama is a place where my approval numbers are very good. I think I won by 42 points. I love Alabama. I'm going to go watch a very good football game on Saturday, which is tomorrow, with LSU. That's going to be great. We'll see what happens.He's got -- he's got tough competition. I mean, you have -- the football coach, Tommy, is doing very well. You have some -- you have some good people running in Alabama. Let's see what happens.We'll see what happens. Okay? We'll see what happens. We're getting along very well. They want to make the deal far more than I do. I will tell you, they want to make it far more than I do, but we'll see what happens. We're taking in, right now -- and you know -- as a reporter of finance, you know what I'm saying.They've devalued their currency and they ate this tariff. We're taking in billions of dollars in tariff money from China. I like our situation very much. They want to make a deal much more than I do, but we could have a deal.Well, no, you've really shaped my behavior. Because from the day I came in here, I've had problems with phony stuff -- like a phony dossier that turned out to be false, like false investigations that I've beaten. So a lot of my behavior was shaped by the fake news and by the other side. That was a lot of my behavior.The fact is that we've created the greatest economy in the history of our country. With all of that stuff going on behind me, nobody else could have done it. Rush Limbaugh said he doesn't know a man in the world that could have done what Trump did. I don't know Leon Cooperman, but whoever Leon Cooperman is -- I know of him -- he can have his own view.But in the meantime, I'm making him rich and I'm making a lot of other people rich, including the working man and woman. They've never done so well as they've done right now. Our jobs are the best they've ever been. Everything about our economy is just about the best it's ever been, including unemployment.So I think, in light of all of the things going on -- and you know what I mean by that: the fake news, the Comeys of the world, all of the bad things that went on. It's called the "swamp." And you know what happened and you know what I did? A big favor. I caught the swamp. I caught them all. Let's see what happens.Nobody else could have done that but me. I caught all of this corruption that was going on, and nobody else could have done it. On top of that, we have the best economy -- the greatest economy we've ever had; the best job numbers we've ever had. African American, Asian American, Hispanic -- the best ever.So, I think we've done a great job. And tell Leon -- who I've seen, but I don't know -- tell him congratulations, because he did very well with Trump.We're dealing with India on a lot of different things. Prime Minister Modi is a very good friend of mine. You saw me at -- in Houston. You saw me at the event -- 55,000 people. It was great. And we have a lot of things happening with India. We have a very good relationship with India.He wants me to go there. I will be going, at some point, to India.My charity was great. I gave a lot of money away. I was sued because, in New York, it's a hornet's nest, and they sue you for anything. And yet, on a really bad thing -- if you look at that Clinton charity -- they left her alone. That's one of the reasons people leave New York. I gave away $19 million.I took no expense. I took no rent. I took no fees. I took no nothing. A hundred percent of that money was given away, and I had to actually go through a process, for years, with New York. Because you know why? New York is a corrupt state. It's a corrupt state. It's a shame. I gave $19 million away. And what happened is, instead of saying, "thank you, great," they hit me with a lawsuit.And it was started by a man who had to get out because he beat up women. That's the kind of a place it is.We're going to be coming out with a very important position on vaping. We have to take care of our kids, most importantly. So we're going to have an age limit of 21 or so. But we'll be coming out with something next week, very important, on vaping. We have a lot of people to look at -- including jobs, frankly, because, you know, it's become a pretty big industry.But we're going to take care of it. Now, there's also -- you know, when you mention vaping, you're talking about e-cigarettes, you're talking about a lot of different things. But we're coming out with a big paper next week.We're talking about the age. We're talking about flavors. We're also talking about keeping people working. And, you know, there are some pretty good aspects. But we're coming out and we're very close to a final report, John, and we'll be giving it next week.Yeah, we're going to be raising the age. We will be doing that.The -- well, they don't want to give all this information on a scam. It's a witch hunt. I'm okay with releasing; it doesn't bother me. I know what I said. It was fine. But, no, they do want to have the second call, which is really the first call -- the one before this. I had a call. I'm sure it was fine.I mean, you know, I have to -- I make a lot of calls. But I have no problem releasing it. I'm very transparent.Nobody is more transparent than I am. And if I wasn't, and if I didn't release it, it would've been a problem. Because the fake whistleblower said something about the call -- many things that were wrong. When the whistleblower came forward, he talked about this horrible call. It turned out to be a perfect call, as I say.Mark Levin said this was a perfect call. So, they lied. They lied. The whole thing is a scam. This is scam by the Democrats to try and win an election. Now they want --Now they want my first call. I have no problem giving it to them, other than I don't like giving calls to the media when I'm dealing with foreign nations. But I will give it if they want it.Let me just tell you, I hardly know the gentleman. But this is the man who said there was no quid pro quo, and he still says that ---- and he says that I said that. And he hasn't changed that testimony. So this is a man that said, as far as the President is concerned, there was no quid pro quo. Everybody that has testified -- even the ones that are Trump haters -- they've all been fine. They don't have anything. But now they want the first call with the President of Ukraine.If they want it, I'll probably give it to them. But they really want it badly. If they want it, I will probably give it to them. I don't like doing it because it sets a bad precedent, John. Because every time President Xi calls or somebody calls from China, if I speak to Kim Jong Un -- are they worried about me giving the call?But in this case, because the press has been duped into a hoax -- and, in some cases, they've really started the hoax -- I will give the letter if they want it.But I do say this about that call: I think that's a very revealing call.That's right. I was invited. I am thinking about it. It's right in the middle of our campaign season. But I am thinking -- I would certainly think about it. President Putin invited me to the --That's a very big -- it's a very big deal -- celebrating the end of the war, et cetera, et cetera. It's a very big deal. So I appreciate the invitation. It is right in the middle of political season, so I'll see if I can do it. But I would love to go if I could.Well, they're not saying anything. Let me tell you: I never asked --Listen. I never asked him for a press conference. It's fake news by the Washington Post, which is a fake newspaper. It's fake. It's made up. And if I ask Bill Barr to have a press conference, I think he'd do it. But I never asked him to have a press conference. Why should I? You know why I wouldn't do it? Because the phone call was perfect.Just read the transcript of the phone call. Nobody has to have a press conference. I think if I asked him, and we -- by the way, we confirmed. I never asked him. I think if I did ask him -- I haven't said this yet, and I don't think I will; I'm sure I won't. But if I asked him to have a press conference, I think he would.With that being said, it's fake news. They wrote a fake story. We've told them that before they wrote the story. But today, when you tell the press something, it's meaningless because they write whatever -- it's all fiction. And I'll tell you, they don't have sources. You know what they do? They make it up. Not everybody -- not John, not everybody.But they make it up.[Inaudible]What?What they want is they want my first phone call. I had another phone call, and it's a very important phone call. And it came to my attention last night that they want the first phone call. Now, the problem I have in releasing the first phone call -- because that was actually the second phone call. And it's --Yeah. And it's a perfect call. But they found out there's another phone call. And that's the first phone call. And they want it released and we're considering that.Which one?That I don't know. I don't know about any calls. I mean, I would -- I have no problem. It's up to Mike, but I have no problem.Well, you know what it is, really? It's a crooked deal. This is like the fake dossier. This is like everything else. These are crooked people. They lost an election and they lost it big. It was really a landslide, from the Electoral College standpoint. And they lost it big and they still haven't recovered.And they're going to lose again. And what they're trying to do is weaken me, but it's actually made me stronger. And interestingly, if you look at the polls that just came out, my polls are up, the fundraising is through the roof. It's never been this high. We just set fundrai- -- because people are angry about it. And it's made Republicans and people that vote for me -- not just Republicans -- really angry.They've really become angry, because it's a hoax. And I'll tell you, the whistleblower -- I call him the "fake whistleblower." He gave a fake report of my phone call. And when I did it -- all of a sudden, when I released that call, all of a sudden, everybody disappeared. The whistleblower disappeared.What ever happened to the second whistleblower? Why isn't the first whistleblower going to testify anymore? You know why? Because everything he wrote in that report, almost, was a lie. Because he made a phony phone call. My phone call was perfect. He made it sound bad. That's why I had to release. Now they -- so the whistleblower is a disgrace to our country.A disgrace. And the whistleblower, because of that, should be revealed. And his lawyer -- who said the worst things possible, two years ago -- he should be sued, and maybe for treason. Maybe for treason. But he should be sued. His lawyer is a disgrace. A disgrace. And then ask him this: Where is the second whistleblower?Right? Where is the witness that gave the whistleblower the information? They all disappeared because Adam Schiff is a corrupt politician. He's corrupt. He made up a speech and he put my voice in it. He made up a speech. It had nothing to do with what I said. Adam Schiff is a corrupt politician that's not giving us due process, not giving us lawyers.And despite all that, we're kicking their ass.Every one of those people testified absolutely fine for me. They've gone out, and they've gone out of their way to find the people that hate Donald Trump -- President Trump -- the most. They put them up there; everybody has been absolutely fine. And they have -- you know, I don't even know most of these people.Many of these people, I've never even heard of. So what Crooked Schiff is doing -- he's a corrupt politician. What this corrupt politician does is he looks all over, tries to find people that don't like Trump, and he puts them up. We are winning so big. My polls are the highest they've ever been.I'm leading in all of the states -- every swing state. The fundraising numbers just came in; they're the highest, I think, in history. I don't think anybody's ever had -- and I'll tell you what, we are winning so big because we're going along. These are corrupt politicians, and that includes Nancy Pelosi.She's a corrupt politician. She should go back to her district, which is horrible. It's filthy. It's drug-infested. Their stuff is being flown out to the ocean. It's being wiped out to the ocean through their drainage system. You got to see what happening in San Francisco. Nancy Pelosi ought to focus on her district.But these are corrupt politicians.We're going to Atlanta. We have a, as you call it, black vote. But this is really -- we're doing very well with African American. I think a big factor is the fact that they're having the best economic year they've ever had in the history of our country. And we're going there. We've been invited.And it's going to be -- I think it's going to be fantastic.I've known Michael Bloomberg for a long time. If you go back early on, he had -- he said a lot of great things about Trump. But I know Michael. He became just a nothing. He was really a nothing. He's not going to do well, but I think he's going to hurt Biden, actually. But he doesn't have the magic to do well.Little Michael will fail. He'll spend a lot of money. He's got some really big issues, he's got some personal problems, and he's got a lot of other problems. But I know Michael Bloomberg fairly well -- not too well, fairly well -- well enough. He will not do very well. And if he did, I'd be happy.There is nobody I'd rather run against than Little Michael, that I can tell you.Well, they're making it up. First of all, this whole thing is a phony deal. It's a phony setup. When you look at the lawyer that got it started -- the whistleblower lawyer, he got it started. It's a phony deal. These Democrats are corrupt. Nancy Pelosi is a corrupt politician. Shifty Schiff is a double corrupt politician.He took my words on the phone call -- and they were so good. He totally changed them. He went before Congress. He made his speech before Congress. And in the speech, John, he said things that were horrible. It bore no relationship to the call. And then, later on, he was embarrassed. Let me tell you something: Schiff is a corrupt politician, and our people know it. And they know it too, by the way.Just so you know, we have the highest poll numbers. We have the most energy. I was with Mitch McConnell and a whole group of people last night, and I was with -- actually, I was with leaders of faith and evangelical leaders. They said they have never -- all of them -- they have never had the energy that we've had and we have now in the Republican Party and beyond the Republican Party -- people that were Democrats and they're for Trump.And we've never had the poll numbers [Inaudible].Because I don't want to give credibility to a corrupt witch hunt. I'd love to have Mick go up, frankly. I think he'd do great. I'd love to have him go up. I'd love to have almost every person go up, when they know me. What I don't like is when they put all these people that I never met before -- when they put the head of the Never Trumpers on the stand.And even those people were okay. They were fine. Those are the people. People I never even heard of. The people that I know, I would love to have them go up. Now, the rest is up to the lawyers. I have to do what the lawyers say, to a certain extent. Not always, but, you know, to a certain extent. Was it about privilege?But -- but I will tell you, I like to have the people go up. Except one thing: It validates a corrupt investigation. Adam Schiff -- he's a corrupt politician. He's as corrupt as you'll ever see -- when he makes up my words, and reads fake words to Congress, and he acts so innocent. He's a corrupt politician.Okay. Thank you.Such a friendly group. Such a nice group. So, the Washington Nationals just left. We had a fantastic time with them. That was a great championship. They're great champions. And we had a wonderful event at the White House. Terrific people. We're now heading to the Adolph Rupp Arena, and it's packed.There are thousands of people trying to get in. It's going to be a great evening for Governor Bevin. It's a tight race. We're going to see how that works out. I think he's done a great job as governor. So I think it'll work out good because of that. But we'll have a little influence. We'll see how it is. But we have many thousands of people more than they have seats.So it's really great. And today, the stock market hit a new all-time high -- all three. We had NASDAQ. We had S&P. We had Dow. We hit an all-time high. And that's many, many days that we've hit all-time highs in the administration. So it's, really, very good.I don't hear -- talk up, please.I really don't know her. But if you look at the transcripts, the President of Ukraine was not a fan of hers either. I mean, he did not exactly say glowing things. I'm sure she's a very fine woman. I just don't know much about her.But you have to take a look at the transcript, because the President of Ukraine was not favorably inclined.I think that the whistleblower gave a lot of false information. And you have to see who the whistleblower is. Once I released the transcript, which was almost immediately, the whistleblower's report was very wrong, because as you know, the whistleblower covered mostly my transcript -- my call -- my call with the President of Ukraine.So once I released that call -- I released a very detailed version of that call -- all of a sudden, the whistleblower's report was incorrect. And the whistleblower seems to have disappeared. And I also wonder what happened to the second whistleblower and what happened to the informant. They all disappeared once I released the report.The fact is, nobody thought I was going to release the report. And then, in addition to the report, the Ukrainian President made a very strong statement that there was no pressure, there was no anything. And the Foreign Minister from Ukraine made an equally strong statement that there was no pressure. So, look, nobody thought I was going to issue the report.And I hate to do it because I don't like to issue conversations with foreign leaders. Not fair to them. But we sought their approval. We got their approval. We issued it. And that was it. So, I was happy about it.Well, we're looking into that. We'll see.Go ahead.We are looking at arms control right now. We're dealing with China. We're dealing with Russia. I think they would both like to do it, especially as we're talking about nuclear weapons. But we are looking at a major arms control kind of an agreement right now with Russia, China, and maybe somebody else.Thank you. I'm going to Kentucky.Watch.Would you like to talk to me? I'm shocked. I'm shocked. Yes, go ahead.Well, the whistleblower gave a very inaccurate report. And, as you know, certain of the media released information about a man that they said was the whistleblower; I don't know if that's true or not. But what they said is he's an Obama person. It was involved with Brennan; Susan Rice, which means Obama.But he was like a big -- a big anti-Trump person. Hated Trump. And they -- they said terrible things. Now, I don't know if it's true or not, but that was reported by some of the media, so you'll have to find out. I don't know why the media is not on it, because the whistleblower gave a very inaccurate report about my phone call.My phone call was perfecto. It was totally appropriate. But he gave a report -- he or she -- but according to the newspapers, it's a "he." They think they know -- they know who it is. You know who it is. You just don't want to report it. CNN knows who it is, but you don't want to report it. The whi- -- and, you know, you'd be doing the public a service if you did.The whistleblower gave a false report. And because of that false report, people thought bad things were done. And then you had Schiff go out and speak before Congress and before the American people, and give a false story. He made up a story. And then I released after -- after all this was done, I released, and everybody said, "He didn't do anything wrong." But the whistleblower should be revealed because the whistleblower gave false stories.Some people would call it a fraud; I won't go that far. But when I read it closely, I probably would. But the whistleblower should be revealed. Then I want to ask another question of you: Where is the second whistleblower? And why did Schiff make a lie when he said about what I said on the phone call? And why didn't the Lieutenant Colonel say that he wrote a letter to the White House with certain little comments about the phone call?And all of those many people that listened to the phone call, why didn't they have a problem with it? Because they didn't have -- many people listen to calls between -- I know that. For instance, the Secretary of State Pompeo was on the call. Nobody had -- with all of those people, very few people, that I know, came forward.And they only came forward when you asked. And some of them are Never Trumpers. So -- but why didn't all of those people listening to this absolutely, totally appropriate phone call -- why didn't they come forward? So, you know, it's a whole scam.It's an impeachment scam. And you know what it is? It's between the Democrats and the fake news media.We'll be showing that to you real soon. Okay?Yeah, go ahead. Go ahead.No, I think I have a great standing in the African American community because, if you look at what we've done, as you know, we have the best unemployment numbers in the history of our country for African Americans. We have the best poverty numbers. We have the best employment numbers. And I'm doing great.African American community gets it. And I did criminal justice reform. Nobody else. I did it. Without me, you don't have criminal justice reform. And that was for African Americans more than anybody else. So I think my standing in the African community -- African American community is maybe the best. We're going to see.We're going to see in one year. But I think that I'm going to get a tremendous percentage of votes from the African American -- I did one other thing. I did Opportunity Zones. And these are neighborhoods that a lot of people wouldn't be investing. Now, because of what I did with Tim Scott and some others -- but Tim Scott was fantastic, of South Carolina.We did Opportunity Zones. It's an incredible thing. So I think we're going to do great with African Americans. We have tremendous African American support.Well, I'll tell you what. There have been stories written about a certain individual -- a male -- and they say he's the whistleblower. If he's the whistleblower, he has no credibility because he's a Brennan guy, he's a Susan Rice guy, he's an Obama guy, and he hates Trump, and he's a radical. Now, maybe it's not him.But if it's him, you guys ought to release the information.No, not at all. Not at all.Say it.Very confident. Our poll numbers are great. We're doing very well in the polls. And, by the way, not that it's very important because you got elected and you got elected, but the impeachment polls have been very, very strong -- and especially in the swing states, I think you see that. The swing states -- they don't want to hear about it. And we have polls -- people don't want to hear about impeachment.The only one that wants impeachment -- to talk about it -- is the fake media and the Democrats, who -- basically, they work for the media. The way I look at it, the Democrats work for the media.Yeah, there's progress. And there's -- first, I want to get the deal. I mean, the meeting place, to me, is going to be pretty easy. But first, we'll see if we get the deal. And if we get the deal, the meeting place will come very easily. It'll be someplace in the U.S.Well, you're reading the wrong polls. You're reading the wrong polls.You're read- -- let me just tell you, I have the real polls. I have the real polls. The CNN polls are fake. The Fox polls have always been lousy. I tell them they ought to get themselves a new pollster. But the real polls -- if you look at polls that --You look at the polls that came out this morning. People don't want anything to do with impeachment. It's a phony scam. It's a hoax. And the whistleblower should be revealed because the whistleblower gave false information.What?Well, he's working. As long as he's with me, I have confidence.Well, I like them both. I'm with -- look, I think Boris is the right man for the time. He's really -- for the times. He's a great gentleman. He's a wonderful guy. He's tough. He's smart. And I think he's going to do something. I just hope he does it so the U.S. -- which is by far the biggest economy in the world -- it's not even close.Since I took office, we've picked up trillions of dollars. Trillions. And, frankly, China has lost trillions of dollars, as you very well know. We're far and away the number-one economy in the world. And if you do it a certain way, we're prohibited from trading with the UK. That would be very bad for the UK because we can do much more business than the European Union.So I think Boris will get it right. They're both friends of mine. What I'd like to see is for Nigel and Boris to come together. I think that's a possibility here.Very good.Yeah, very -- my support is very good. My relationship with Ukraine is very good. My relationship with Russia is very good. My relationship with China is very good. People don't understand: I get along, but nobody is going to mess with me.The John Durham investigation is moving along. That's up to Attorney General Barr -- highly respected. John Durham is one of the most respected prosecutors in the last 50 years in this country. And I let them do their thing. It's Bill Barr and John Durham. And what they come up with will, I think, be very meaningful.We'll see what happens. I do not get involved with it. That's up to them. And, by the way, I'd be allowed to get involved with it if I wanted to, but I chose not to. It's up to Bill Barr. But the John Durham investigation is a very important -- I feel -- one of the most important investigations in the history of our country.Okay?Say it?No, we don't, but it could happen. Something like that could happen. I know they'd like to meet. And something like that could happen.I think that the House Republicans and the Senate Republicans have been incredible. I don't think there's ever been unity like we have right now. We had 195 or so votes. We didn't have one negative vote. The only one that had negative votes on the whole impeachment scam were the Democrats. I think Nancy Pelosi has lost her mind.And I think, frankly, that she should go back home to San Francisco. If you look at what's happening to her district -- her district is going to hell, with homeless, with -- that they're not taking care of; with needles all over the street; with tents; with people; with sanitation; with horrible things being washed into the ocean, into the Pacific Ocean.I think Nancy Pelosi -- her district has probably gone down more than any district, proportionately, in the United States.And what she's done -- and what she's done for that district -- and then, on top of it, you've got fires eating away at California every year because management is so bad. The governor doesn't know -- he's like a child. He doesn't know what he's doing. And I've been telling this for two years: They've got to take care of it. Every year, it's always California.Never -- it's rarely somebody else or someplace else. But Nancy Pelosi ought to go back to her district and take care of it, because her district has become a mess -- number one in the country for going down. All she thinks about is impeachment. But she doesn't want to impeach. You know who wants to impeach?The people that run the party: the radical left.That's up to him and up to the lawyers. It's really --It's really up to the lawyers. I like John Bolton, I always got along with him, but that's going to be up to the lawyers.Read the transcript.Read the transcript.Read the transcript.No, no, no.I don't think they believe that at all, but we'll see what happens. The Democrats only -- they're -- I call them the "Do-Nothing Democrats." They're doing nothing. They're not getting USMCA done. Everybody wants it. Even the Democrats want it. They're not getting anything done. Even guns -- they don't talk about guns.They don't talk -- All they can do is talk about one phone call made to the President of Ukraine that was perfect. It was perfect. It was a perfect phone call. And they're hanging their hat on this one phone call. And you know what? The Republican Party has never been so unified.That includes senators, that includes House -- they've never been so unified.It depends on -- it depends on what the negotiation -- I wouldn't commit to anything. It depends on what the negotiation is.Well, we're going to New York. We'll stay in New York tonight. We're going to go see the UFC fight. It's the championship fight. A lot of great people there. And it will be very interesting. I think you saw the numbers on the economy.It's one of the greatest economies we've ever had in the history of our country. Tremendous job numbers and tremendous numbers, generally. Our country is doing really well, military -- militarily. What we've done is incredible. We've built our military to a level that it's never seen before.I don't know. You have to speak with the lawyers. You know, Nancy Pelosi has become unhinged. There's something wrong with her. If you look at what's happening, if you look at the poll numbers, if you look at the poll numbers in the swing states, they're saying, "Don't do this. Don't do it." I'm fine with it; we did absolutely nothing wrong.We had a totally appropriate -- I even say "perfect" conversation with the President of Ukraine. Everybody knows it. The Republicans have never been this unified. I'm at the highest level I've ever been at. But the Republicans have never been this unified. And this whole impeachment scam -- that's exactly what it is; it's a scam.It's a hoax. The Democrats are using it for political purposes to try and win an election that they're not going to win.Say it.I don't know -- I don't what their testimony [Inaudible]. I know that the testimony has been extremely good for us, but they have to release the testimony. [Inaudible]Do I re- -- what? Say it again.Well, you'll be seeing very soon what comes out. And then you -- then you can ask the question in a different way.Well, I think he'll probably come. But I would certainly say I'd invite him. He's a nice man. I spoke to him twice. I think I spoke to him two times. I would love to have him come to the White House if he'd like to come, and I think he'd like to come. I think he'd be here very quickly. He's a good man.He was elected on the basis of corruption. Corruption is incredible in Ukraine, which bothered me a lot. And it also bothered me very, very much that Germany, France, and all of these other countries aren't putting up money, but we're always the sucker that does it. And that bothered me. And that's -- and you can go back.You can look a long way back in history. For many different reasons, it's always the United States. One of the reasons I got elected is just that. We don't want to be the sucker anymore.I haven't heard that. We have a very powerful wall. But no matter how powerful, you can cut through anything, in all fairness. But we have a lot of people watching. You know, cutting -- cutting is one thing, but it's easily fixed. One of the reasons we did it the way we did it -- it's very easily fixed to put the [Inaudible] back in. But we have a very powerful wall.But you can cut through any wall. [Inaudible] Thank you very much.Thank you very much. I just want to say that we have a new record stock market. We just hit another record today -- that's about 119 days, out of the administration. That means not only 401(k)s and everybody making a lot of money, but it means a lot of jobs. And I know that doesn't mean much to you people, but it used to be important.If you remember the "It's all about the economy, stupid." But you don't think about that too much, but I do. I think about it all the time. So we just hit another record and it's a big record. The market is up, I guess, over 300 points today. And the economy is doing well. Throughout the world, the economies aren't doing well, which is actually a drag on us. And despite that, we're hitting new records.Asia is doing very poorly. China is not doing well. Our deal is going along fine with China. We're -- just concluded the deal with Japan, South Korea. Great trade deals -- from terrible deals to good deals. A lot of very positive things are happening. And, go ahead, John.Well, I can't believe they'd impeach. You have the greatest economy in the history of our country. You have the highest stock market in the history of our country. You have the best employment numbers and unemployment numbers in the history of our country. Today, we have almost 160 million people working; we've never been close.And this -- we have the best employment numbers and the best unemployment numbers. Black unemployment hit another record. It's another record. If you look at Asian, if you look at Hispanic -- in fact, African American unemployment just hit a number that nobody ever thought was even possible. The numbers are so good.So when you talk about the impeachment hoax -- it's a hoax because the letter was perfect. What wasn't perfect is -- and all you have to do is take a look at the letter, which is transcribed. They transcribed what happened on a very good phone conversation. A per- -- I call it a "perfect conversation" because it was.Totally appropriate. Very good. And everybody is saying it -- anybody that reads that letter, which is basically what happened on that conversation with the President of Ukraine. Now, I'll go a step further. The President of Ukraine said he didn't even know what anybody was talking about. It was a very fine conversation.The foreign minister said there was absolutely no pressure. The President said the same thing. The Democrats are crazed. They're lunatics. In the meantime, we have the greatest economy ever. We have a man on the other side, Adam Schiff, who's a corrupt politician, as you know. He's a corrupt politician.He made up a speech and he read what I said and it wasn't what I said. It was a terrible thing he said. And many people saw that. That's how this whole thing -- he started it as a con. The whistleblower -- we got to find out about the whistleblower because what he said has no relationship to what took place on my very good phone conversation with the President of Ukraine.So with all -- with all of this that's happening, I think the Republicans have been amazing. We had 195 or 196 to nothing. We have tremendous support from the Senate. We have tremendous support from the House. We even had Democrats go over to the Republican side yesterday in the House to vote because they said, "This is not impeach- -- impeachable. This isn't impeachable."That's supposed to be high crimes and misdemeanors. I'll tell you, in my opinion -- except that he has immunity, which he shouldn't have -- Adam Schiff created a high crime and a misdemeanor when he gave a false reading of what I said, purposely. So we have to find out why did the whistleblower give a false account.We have to find out what happened with Adam Schiff and the whistleblower. I have to say, we've had tremendous support. We have great poll numbers. We have more energy now. The evangelical leaders came in, as you probably know, four days ago. They said that the evangelical Christians and other faith-based organizations -- church, temples, synagogues -- no matter what you look, they've never seen it so unified.They've never seen it so energized. And they came in -- we had 28 leaders come in. They said they've never seen energy like they have. So the impeachment thing is a hoax. Now, whether or not they tried pulling it off, it would be a disgrace. I think it would be a --You can't impeach a President who did nothing wrong. You can't impeach a President that has the greatest economy in the history of our nation. You can't impeach a President that has unemployment numbers -- historic -- never have so many people been working, both employment and unemployment; who's rebuilt our military; who's taken care of our vets with Choice and Accountability.Nobody thought those things could be passed.So I think we've done more than any administration in history in its first two and a half years. Yeah?Well, all they have to do is read the transcript. Now, the gentleman that came in yesterday, Morrison, he was terrific. He was supposed to be their primary witness. He was terrific. And he said he didn't see anything wrong with it. And, by the way, I have a lot of Never Trumpers that have been in different positions for a long time.Don't forget, I beat the Bush dynasty, I beat the Clinton dynasty, and I beat Obama and all of his people. And I come to Washington, and a lot of -- thousands of these people -- tens of thousands -- are working. But when you read that transcript, it all goes away because that transcript was totally appropriate.Say it.No, I -- they haven't treated me properly. I've paid millions of taxes -- millions and millions of dollars -- in New York. And they've never treated me, you know -- since I became President, they just haven't treated, I think, the office with the kind of respect. And I don't mind paying the taxes; New York is a very expensive place to live.But many bad things are happening in New York. And I just put out a statement on New York. So I think you probably get -- did you get it? I just put out a statement on New York. So I think it's pretty complete.Well, I think I am cooperating, because you know what? I'm in front of you. Now, you have Shifty Schiff, who is a --Let -- let me just tell you: You have a corrupt politician leading this thing. He lies. He leaks. He's done so many things that are corrupt. It's lucky he's got immunity. And he shouldn't have immunity. He made up a statement that I -- that he said I said, and I didn't say it. And it was only people -- when they went back and looked at the -- at the transcript, they said it was perfect.He's a corrupt politician. Nancy Pelosi -- she should spend more time working on her district, which is going to hell. What's happening in San Francisco is sad -- you look at the homeless population, you look at the problems. But Nancy Pelosi should go back to her district because she has totally lost control of her House.And I'll tell you what, you're going to have many more Democrats come on our side.So, President Erdoğan wants to come to the White House. We have a very good relationship. The ceasefire has held very nicely. We've kept the oil. We stayed back and kept the oil. Other people can patrol the border of Syria, frankly, and Turkey. Let them -- they've been fighting for a thousand years.Let them do the border. We don't want to do that. We want to bring our soldiers home. But we did leave soldiers because we're keeping the oil. I like oil. We're keeping the oil. And we're working with the Kurds, and we're, frankly, working with Turkey. And we're working with a lot of countries.We had a tremendous victory the other day in getting the number-one terrorist in the world -- and probably one of the number one -- maybe the number-one terrorist for the last 50 years. And we knocked him out and then we knocked out number two. And we already have number three in our sights. I'm going, right now, to a great place.And we're going to a wonderful, totally sold-out, big deal. And we're going to have a wonderful governor elected in a fabulous state. You know what the state is? Mississippi.No, I have a very relationship with Mick. I have a very good --I like Mick Mulvaney. I have a very good relationship with him.Well, I have a Deputy -- I, as you know -- I put in a --I put in a very nice -- right.I put in a very good man, who's highly respected. And he's Acting right now, and we'll see where that goes. And as you know, John -- as you know, I like "Acting." I mean, a lot of people say "Acting." I like "Acting."It gives you great, great flexibility. I do.Well, we're moving along.Well, we're moving along with the deal with China, and China wants to make the deal very much. And we have a good relationship, and we'll see what happens. I don't like to talk about deals until they happen, but we're making a lot of progress.A lot -- looking at a different couple of locations.It could even be in Iowa. It could be in Iowa.Tried that one. You understand. It could be. I mean, it's something we are discussing. But we're discussing location. But I like to get deals done first. Yes.I would do it in the U.S.He would, too.We're thinking about Iowa.If -- we have to get a -- I want to get the deal done first. But we're thinking about Iowa. You know why? Because it would be the largest order in history for farmers. So, to me, Iowa makes sense. I love Iowa. It's a possibility.Perfect.I think it helps us.Look, my poll numbers are very high. We've raised, as you know, record-setting money -- record. Numbers that people -- I don't think people have ever seen it before. That's a poll. On the swing states, when it comes to the impeachment word, it's an ugly word to me. A very ugly word. But when it comes to that word, we're way ahead on the -- they don't want to do it. Democrats don't want to do it. And we're going to take over the House because of it. Now, if they want to keep going forward with this charade -- but that letter was perfect.That was highly appropriate and perfect. Hello, Chad.Okay, anybody else?Go ahead.Well, he's right now Acting and we'll see what happens. We have great people in there. And again, I want to thank the country of Mexico. Today, they have 27,000 soldiers on our border, and they're doing a fantastic job. They're doing a job that the Democrats should do and the Democrats won't do it. The Do-Nothing Democrats, they won't do it. They can't do it. They're incapable -- I don't know -- incompetent or incapable, but they're incapable of doing it. Because we have loopholes that could be settled out and solved in 15 minutes, and they won't do it. They want open borders, which means crime.They want sanctuary cities, which means crime and lots of other problems. And it's -- I mean, what the Democrats are really -- it's disgraceful, what's happening. But I just have to say, and I say it again: Mexico, today, has 27,000 soldiers guarding our border for free. And I very much appreciate it. I really like the President of Mexico.We have a great relationship. And Guatemala, Honduras, and El Salvador have been terrific. So we have a really great thing going. And the numbers are way down. We have very good numbers on the border.We'll see.Say it.I think, without impeachment, the market would be much higher. People don't want to see me -- it's not going to happen, by the way, I'll tell you what. First of all, this thing -- if they want to pursue it, I can't imagine it taking very long because it's so basic. It's so simple. But if I want it to, that could take a long time.But I don't want that. I think the stock market has been very much affected. I think the stock market, right now, would be substantially higher. And one of the reasons it's up 300 points today is that people finally got to see the transcribed letter or version of the phone call with the President of Ukraine.And everybody that saw it said, "Oh, this is good." And the market went up a lot over the last short period of time because they finally got to see it. Most people thought it was the Adam Schiff rendition, which he made up. But when they saw the letter -- you look at what's happening with the stock market right now.When they saw that letter, look at what happened to the stock market today. I will say, if anything ever happened, you'd have a crash the likes of which this country has never seen. Thank you. Thank you.So, we had a great weekend for our country. We captured a man that should've been caught a long time ago. Unfortunately, he wasn’t. He's done tremendous damage. But it was an amazing display of intelligence and military power and coordination, and getting along with people. Lots of great things happened.So that was a big, big day and a big weekend, and we're very happy about it. The economy is doing phenomenally well. We have -- it looks like another good day will be taking place today. In the stock market, good numbers are being -- good numbers are happening all the time. We have good numbers happening all the time.Very soon -- I guess we're in record territory for stock. That's great for 401(k)s, that's great for everything. It's great for jobs. So, things are going good. Do you have any questions?We're thinking about it. We may. The question was: Am I considering releasing video footage of the raid? And we may take certain parts of it and release it, yes.No, I think Rudy Giuliani is a great crime fighter. He was the greatest mayor in New York City history. But he's been a great crime fighter. He's always looking for corruption, which is what more people should be doing. He's a good man.Yeah, we are looking probably to be ahead of schedule to sign a very big portion of the China deal. And we'll call it "phase one," but it's a very big portion. That would take of the farmers. It would take care of some of the other things. It'll also take care of a lot of the banking needs. So we're about, I would say, a little bit ahead of schedule, maybe a lot ahead of schedule.Probably, we'll sign it. I imagine the meeting is scheduled for Chile. I know they have some difficulties, right now, in Chile. But I know the people of Chile and I'm sure they'll be able to work it out.Oh, I don’t think it's aggressive at all. I would be surprised if he made those comments in a negative way. But I don’t think the response would be -- if he actually said that, if he actually meant that, I said what I'd do, and that, I mean.Well, I guess the only thing is they were talking about why didn’t I give the information to Adam Schiff and his committee. And the answer is: Because I think Adam Schiff is the biggest leaker in Washington. You know that. I know that. We all know that. I've watched Adam Schiff leak. He's a corrupt politician.He's a leaker like nobody has ever seen before. We had a very good conversation with the Ukrainian President. The conversation was perfect. They don’t ever talk about the conversation. It started with the whistleblower, and now they don’t want the whistleblower. Then they had a second whistleblower; now they don’t want the second whistleblower.The reason is that when the whistleblower -- when they saw what the whistleblower wrote, and then when I released the conversation, which bore no relationship to what the whistleblower saw, they said their case was out the window. And I think it's a disgrace. And, frankly, I told Republicans, who are really being taken advantage of -- they're really being maligned -- and I think it's a horrible thing.They're really looking to hurt the Republican Party, and it's turning out to be just the opposite. So one thing I said: I'd rather go into the details of the case rather than process. Process is wonderful. We already 50 Republican senators -- I never called one of them -- sign up. Fifty. Out of 53, 50. And perhaps the other ones will do it too.But process is good. But I think you ought to look at the case. And the case is very simple; it's quick. It's so quick. I had a great conversation with the Ukrainian President. I had another conversation with him also, I think before that, which was the same thing. It was nothing. They tried to take that conversation and make it into a big scandal.The problem was we had it transcribed. It was an exact transcription of the conversation. So, in a nutshell, a whistleblower wrote a false narrative of the conversation. Now they don’t want to talk about the whistleblower because they didn’t think I was going to release the conversation. When I released the conversation, I blew up Schiff's act.And just to put topping on it, the Russian -- as you know, the new Russian President, a good man, made his statement. There was no anything. There was no pressure put on him. No anything. The Foreign Minister of Ukraine made his statement. There was absolutely no pressure put on. They didn’t even know what we were talking about.And just to finish it off, Adam Schiff went up before Congress and he made my words. He didn’t copy what I said. He didn’t know them, probably, at the time. Nobody thought I was going to release the conversation. I got the approval from Ukraine. Once I released the conversation, this thing all died. And that's what they should be looking.And Adam Schiff went before Congress, and Adam Schiff, what he did, will never be forgotten. He made up a conversation that was a phony fabrication. It was a fraud. And people shouldn’t be allowed to get away. They say he has immunity because he's a member of Congress. People shouldn’t be allowed to do that.That's a criminal act. What he did is a criminal act. Thank you.I hope they approve USMCA. It's in there. It's a great agreement for the United States, for our farmers, for our manufacturers, for unions, for everything. It's been approved by Mexico and Canada. They're waiting. We don’t seem to be able to have time for Nancy Pelosi. I call them the "Do-Nothing Democrats." They're the Do-Nothing Democrats.And, frankly, if they put it up, it's going to win very easily. It's going to have bipartisan support. I have no idea what they're doing with it. I can't imagine it takes this long. But they're so busy focusing on a witch hunt and a scam. Thank you.Hi, everybody. Hi. How are you? So, the stock market is doing very well. The economy is booming. We have a new record in sight. It could happen even today. But we have a new stock market record. I think it'll be about 118 times that we've broken the record. Jobs look phenomenal. We're doing very well in Syria, with Turkey and everybody else that we're dealing with.We have secured the oil. We have a lot of oil. We've secured the oil. We have a couple of people that came knocking. We said, "Don't knock." And I think I would say that things are going very well. I know people are still in a basement, in a secure room in the basement, trying to make us look as bad as possible.But that's not working too well. A lot of things are happening very good. And I appreciate Republicans are just outraged, and the American public is outraged, that the Do-Nothing Democrats, they're doing nothing. They are doing nothing. There's such an opportunity to get things done. We need USMCA passed.It's a great deal for our country, for our farmers, manufacturers, unions. It's a great deal for our country. So we need USMCA passed.Well, it's a word that many Democrats have used. It's a word that many people have used over the years. But that's a word that has been used many times. And let me tell you something: The level of unfairness for a perfect conversation with the President of Ukraine -- this was a perfect conversation. And, frankly, had they known what the conversation was, they wouldn't have even wasted everybody's time.But this was a perfect conversation with the President of Ukraine. The President of Ukraine and his Foreign Minister, separately, came out and said there was absolutely nothing wrong with the conversation. The President of Ukraine and the Foreign Minister came out and said there was no anything. There was no -- he used the word "no blackmail." They said there was no pressure; there was nothing done wrong.This is a hoax -- just like there was no collusion. After two years, they found out and wasted $45 million. This is a disgrace that this could happen in our country. But remember --Wait. Wait. The President of Ukraine, right now -- the President of Ukraine said "no pressure." The President of Ukraine and his Foreign Minister said, again, "no pressure, no blackmail." They don't even know what you people are talking about. It's a ph- -- it's a hoax. It's a hoax. It's just a continuation of the Russian witch hunt, which turned out to be phony.The Mueller deal was phony. And now they have this. And all it is, is very simple: It's one conversation that I had with the President of Ukraine that was perfect. That Adam Schiff defrauded everybody and he made up the conversation in the halls of Congress.I don't think so, because I think Rudy is a great gentleman. He's been a great crime fighter. He looks for corruption wherever he goes. Everybody understands Ukraine has big problems in that regard. Rudy Giuliani is a fine man. He was the greatest mayor in the history of New York, and he's been one of the greatest crime fighters and corruption fighters.Rudy Giuliani is a good man.Well, I think what Biden did, and his son -- and now, I guess, they're finding also Romania; that just came out today. Or some other country. And I'm sure there are more than that. When a man walks away -- who has no talent, no skill, no experience -- with $1.5 billion out of China; when he walks away with $168,000 a month for him and his friend, from Ukraine, when Ukraine supposedly gave him $3 million -- whatever the numbers are -- and he's got no experience in oil and no experience anywhere, and now other nations are coming out.I heard one today; I won't embarrass the nation. All he's doing -- and in my opinion, that's a payoff, because you don't pay that kind of money for any other reason. And then you look at what the father did with oil, and "let's get oil." And then, all of a sudden, "let's not get oil." And now he's a great environmentalist, because the Ukraine benefits by that, and other places benefit by that.No, I consider what they did to be an outrage to our country. I consider that to be an outrage to our country.Well, some of them weren't even spoken to yet. They got 40 very quickly. I think they're at 47. And some of them haven't even -- don't even know about it yet. It only took place yesterday afternoon. So they had a great response. No, you have -- we have great -- great support. We had 185 out of 185 the other night -- the Republican congressmen.I think we had 185 present and we had 185 positive votes. And with the senators we're doing great too.We're doing very well with China. We're moving along nicely. We're dealing with them right now. And a lot of good things are happening with China. They want to make a deal very badly.What?We've moving with Afghanistan. We're doing well in Afghanistan. We're slowly bringing things down to a certain level. But we're doing very well with Afghanistan. Things are moving along.Well, the problem is -- here's the problem --Here's the problem: He's a Never Trumper, and his lawyer is a Never Trumper. And the other problem is you --Hey, everybody makes mistakes. I -- Mike Pompeo, everybody makes mistakes.He's a Never Trumper. His lawyer is the head of the Never Trumpers. They're a dying breed, but they're still there.And here's the other problem ---- you're with CNN and you're fake news.Well, the Democrats don't have any time to work on anything. They have to do US -- USMCA. They have to do guns. They have to do -- they have many things. We want to reduce drug prices even more. You know, we can go so far, but we could get drug prices substantially reduced. The Democrats -- the Do-Nothing Democrats have no time to do it.Which one?We have a great Republican plan. And if we take over the House, which we should -- especially because of what they're doing with impeachment -- I think we'll take over the House by big numbers. You'll have healthcare the likes of which you've never seen. Much less expensive. Deductibles will be much lower.You'll have great healthcare. We have to take over the --Because the Democrats don't have any time to do anything.Well, I know he made the speech yesterday. I went over the speech. The speech was fine. It was fine.No, his speech was fine.But I'm also working very closely with China on a deal. But his speech was fine.That's true.We're doing very well with China. We're very good with the farmers. The farmers are going to do better, maybe, than anybody. But everybody is doing well. China wants to make a deal. They'd like to see some reductions in tariffs. They'd like to see some tariffs that are scheduled to go on very soon -- they'd like to see them not go on. But China -- they really -- look, you know it: They really want to make a deal.They're going to be buying much more farm product than anybody ever thought possible.Only for one reason: I did nothing wrong. The only reason. I had a perfect conversation with the President of Ukraine. Perfect. Had they seen that conversation before they made up the story -- they made up the story about that conve- -- had they seen it, we wouldn't even be talking about it right now. The conversation has been perfect.And for that reason, I have tremendous support.Yeah.So they've started, and it's been going on a long time. And I sort of semi-read the papers. And I read them probably in greater detail than you, actually. And I try and sift out the fake news from the real news. But, as you know, there's been a long-term look at -- look-see -- and it looks like it's becoming very serious, from what I'm hearing.Investigate the investigator -- whether it's Strzok and Page, whether it's Clapper, and whether it's Comey, and all of these people -- because terrible things went on for our country. And we have a great Attorney General -- a highly prestigious man, a very honorable man. And they've been looking at it for a long time.I can't tell you what's happening. I will tell you this: I think you're going to see a lot of really bad things. And a lot of people think that -- and they know they have problems because they were very dishonest. And, again, I leave it all up the Attorney General and I leave it all up to the people that are working with the Attorney General who I don't know.But I will say this: I think you'll see things that nobody would've believed. This was the worst hoax in the history of our country. And a lot of people say that the phony deal on impeachment, where I have a perfect conversation -- perfect -- with the President of Ukraine -- and they're using that to impeach one of the most successful Presidents.We're going to hit another stock market high. We have the best jobs report. We have the best unemployment numbers. We have the best employment. More people working today in the United States than ever before. I've rebuilt the military. We're strong. We just did a great thing in Syria where we're getting our troops out.We took over oil. A lot of great things are happening in this country. I will say this: If anything ever happened with this phony witch hunt that the Democrats are doing -- the Do-Nothing Democrats -- I really believe that you'd have a recession- depression the likes of which this country hasn't seen. Now, a strong statement was made by a very highly respected man this morning on Wall Street -- a man who is very respected -- about that, that if anything happened to Trump -- President Trump -- you would see repercussions in the market like you haven't seen before.But here's the thing: I don't have teams. Everyone is talking about teams. I'm the team. I did nothing wrong. This has been going on for -- before I got elected. This was going on from the insurance policy -- Strzok and his lover, Page. This was the insurance policy. It was Strzok and Page. We did nothing wrong.But Strzok said, "Oh, she's going to win. She's going to win. But if she doesn't, we have an insurance policy." So -- so, let me just tell you something. So, this has been going on since before I got elected. And people are angry about it. And do you know who's angry about it? The Republican Party is angry about it because this isn't a takedown of the President, this is a takedown of the Republican Party.And, frankly, the Democrats should be ashamed of themselves.Well, if you let me who know who they are -- who are they? Tell me. Tell me. Tell me.No, no. Tell me who the Never Trumpers are because I'm not a fan of the Never Trumpers. We do have Never Trumpers. I'm not a fan. I think they're bad people. Some have recovered. Okay? They went through, I guess, a recovery program. It's called, "They learned how to win through me." But others haven't. I'm not a fan of Never Trumpers, and I never will be. But a Never Trumper sometimes is more vicious than a failed Obama candidate or a failed Clinton candidate who I beat both in the same election with very little experience.Don't forget, I beat the Obama people. I beat the Bush people. And I beat the Clinton people. And I had no experience. That's not a bad job. But there's a lot of angry people out there. And that's the way it goes. Thank you.Well, thank you very much. My fellow Americans, I greet you this morning from the White House to announce a major breakthrough toward achieving a better future for Syria and for the Middle East. It's been a long time. Over the last five days, you have seen that a ceasefire that we established along Syria’s border has held, and it's held very well, beyond most expectations.Early this morning, the government of Turkey informed my administration that they would be stopping combat and their offensive in Syria, and making the ceasefire permanent. And it will indeed be permanent. However you would also define the word “permanent” in that part of the world as somewhat questionable, we all understand that.But I do believe it will be permanent. I have therefore instructed the Secretary of the Treasury to lift all sanctions imposed on October 14th in response to Turkey’s original offensive moves against the Kurds in Syria’s northeast border region. So the sanctions will be lifted unless something happens that we're not happy with.This was an outcome created by us, the United States, and nobody else, no other nation. Very simple. And we're willing to take blame, and we're also willing to take credit. This is something they've been trying to do for many, many decades. Since then, others have come out to help, and we welcome them to do so. Other countries have stepped forward, they want to help, and we think that's great.The nations in the region must ultimately take on the responsibility of helping Turkey and Syria police their border. We want other nations to get involved. We've secured the oil, and, therefore, a small number of U.S. troops will remain in the area where they have the oil. And we're going to be protecting it, and we'll be deciding what we're going to do with it in the future.In any event, by the moves that we've made, we are achieving a much more peaceful and stable area between Turkey and Syria, including a 20-mile-wide safe zone. An interesting term, "safe zone." That's the term we're using it. Hopefully, that zone will become safe. Thousands and thousands of people have been killed in that zone over the years.But it's been sought for many, many decades, and I think we have something that's going to be strong and hold up. Turkey, Syria, and all forms of the Kurds, have been fighting for centuries. We have done them a great service, and we've done a great job for all of them. And now we're getting out. A long time.We were supposed to be there for 30 days; that was almost 10 years ago. So we're there for 30 days, and now we're leaving. It was supposed to be a very quick hit and let's get out. And it was a quick hit, except they stayed for almost 10 years. Let someone else fight over this long-bloodstained sand. I want to thank Vice President Pence and Secretary of State Pompeo for leading the American delegation so successfully to Turkey several days ago, along with National Security Advisor O’Brien.I want to thank them very much. The American delegation negotiated the original five-day ceasefire that ended [Enabled] Kurdish fighters to safely leave. It just got them to a point where, frankly, they were able. It enabled them to get out, to go and move, really, just a few miles in a slightly different direction.So this enabled them to do so. Countless lives are now being saved as a result of our negotiation with Turkey -- an outcome reached without spilling one drop of American blood. No injuries. Nobody shot, nobody killed. I have just spoken to General Mazloum, a wonderful man, the Commander-in-Chief of the SDF Kurds.And he was extremely thankful for what the United States has done. Could not have been more thankful. General Mazloum has assured me that ISIS is under very, very strict lock and key, and the detention facilities are being strongly maintained. There were a few that got out -- a small number, relatively speaking -- and they’ve been largely recaptured.I’m also sure that he will be issuing his own statement very shortly. We had a great talk. But we’ve saved the lives of many, many Kurds. He understands that. The war was going to be vicious and probably not very long. And I’m very happy to have been involved in it, as are our Vice President, our Secretary of State, and all of the other people on our team.By getting that ceasefire to stick, we’ve done something that’s very, very special. But by getting the ceasefire after a tremendous amount of really tough war for a very short period of days, that is something very special. Our troops are safe, and the pain and suffering of the three-day fight that occurred was directly responsible for our ability to make an agreement with Turkey and the Kurds that could never have been made without this short-term outburst.Should Turkey fail to honor its obligations, including the protection of religious and ethnic minorities -- which I truly believe they will do -- we reserve the right to re-impose crippling sanctions, including substantially increased tariffs on steel and all other products coming out of Turkey. We are now an economic powerhouse like never before, and, very importantly, like no other.Our economic might is stronger than it’s ever been, and our competitors are not doing very well. We also expect Turkey to abide by its commitment regarding ISIS. As a backup to the Kurds watching over them, should something happen, Turkey is there to grab them. Further, we implore European countries to come and take those fighters that the U.S. captured and bring them back to their countries for incarceration and for trial.Until just recently, Europe has been very unresponsive in doing what they should have been doing for a long time. Now is their chance to finally act. American forces defeated 100 percent of the ISIS caliphate during the last two years. We thank the Syrian Democratic Forces for their sacrifices in this effort.They’ve been terrific. Now Turkey, Syria, and others in the region must work to ensure that ISIS does not regain any territory. It’s their neighborhood; they have to maintain it. They have to take care of it. There were some political pundits who responded to Turkey’s offensive in Syria by calling for yet another American military intervention.I don’t think so. But halting the incursion by military force would have required deploying tens of thousands of American troops against Turkey -- a NATO Ally and a country the United States has developed a very good relationship with, including President Erdoğan. The same people that I watched and read -- giving me and the United States advice -- were the people that I have been watching and reading for many years.They are the ones that got us into the Middle East mess but never had the vision or the courage to get us out. They just talk. How many Americans must die in the Middle East in the midst of these ancient sectarian and tribal conflicts? After all of the precious blood and treasure America has poured into the deserts of the Middle East, I am committed to pursuing a different course -- one that leads to victory for America.Through much work, we have done things that everybody said couldn’t be done. Today’s announcement validates our course of action with Turkey that only a couple of weeks ago were scorned, and now people are saying, "Wow. What a great outcome. Congratulations." It's too early to me to be congratulated, but we've done a good job.We've saved a lot of lives. Most importantly, we have avoided another costly military intervention that could've led to disastrous, far-reaching consequences. Many thousands of people could've been killed. The last administration said, “Assad must go.” They could've easily produced that outcome, but they didn’t. In fact, they drew a very powerful red line in the sand -- you all remember, the red line in the sand -- when children were gassed and killed, but then did not honor their commitment as other children died in the same horrible manner.But I did honor my commitments with 58 Tomahawks. Eight long years after President Obama’s ill-fated push at regime change, U.S. troops are still on the ground in Syria. More than half a million people are dead, hundreds of thousands are terribly injured, and millions more Syrians are displaced. It really is a nightmare of misery.Across the Middle East, we have seen anguish on a colossal scale. We have spent $8 trillion on wars in the Middle East, never really wanting to win those wars. But after all that money was spent and all of those lives lost, the young men and women gravely wounded -- so many -- the Middle East is less safe, less stable, and less secure than before these conflicts began.The same people pushing for these wars are often the ones demanding America open its doors to unlimited migration from war-torn regions, importing the terrorism and the threat of terrorism right to our own shores. But not anymore. My administration understands that immigration security is national security.As a candidate for President, I made clear that we needed a new approach to American foreign policy, one guided not by ideology, but by experience, history, and a realistic understanding of the world. We are building up America's military might like never before, investing $2.5 trillion since my election.But we will not be depleted. We will not happen again. It will not be allowed to happen again, where our military is depleted, fighting in areas of the world where we shouldn’t be. When we commit American troops to battle, we must do so only when a vital national interest is at stake, and when we have a clear objective, a plan for victory, and a path out of conflict.That’s what we have to have. We need a plan of victory. We will only win. Our whole basis has to be the right plan, and then we will only win. Nobody can beat us. Nobody can beat us. I want to again thank everyone on the American team who helped achieve the ceasefire in Syria, saved so many lives, along with President Erdoğan of Turkey -- a man I've gotten to know very well and a man who loves his country.And, in his mind, he's doing the right thing for his country, and we may be meeting in the very near future. I also want to thank General Mazloum for his understanding and for his great strength and for his incredible words today to me -- but me just as a representative of the United States -- because he knows that we saved tens of thousands of Kurds.And we're not talking in the long term, we're talking in the short term. We're talking something that was going on immediately and something, frankly, that was planned for a long time. The job of our military is not to police the world. Other nations must step up and do their fair share. That hasn’t taken place.Today’s breakthrough is a critical step in that direction. Thank you all very much, and God bless America. Thank you. Thank you.Hello, everybody. We’re going to Pennsylvania, on an energy meeting and speech, and look forward to it. I hope you saw what I had to say about the safe zone in Syria, and -- are dealing with Turkey. It’s been very successful. We’ll see what happens. It’s a very volatile part of the world, but, so far, it’s been pretty amazing what’s gone on. We’ve lost no soldiers.We didn’t have a soldier hurt. We didn’t have a finger broken. It’s pretty unusual. And we have thousands of soldiers that have moved out or are moving out of various areas. We have it under very good control. Turkey has done what we’ve asked them to do. We have tremendous economic might -- far more than we had, relatively speaking, when I took office.When I took office, everybody said that China would be the largest economy in the world within the first two years. And we picked up trillions and trillions of dollars of worth, and China has lost trillions of dollars of worth. So we are far and away the most powerful economy in the world. And if you have a smart President, you’ll stay there.Other than that, our military is looking good. It’s been rebuilt and we’re respected again. But I’m going right now -- I’ll be going over to Pennsylvania. And many of you, I hope, will be following me. Thank you. Thank you.Well, thank you very much. I'm very happy to report tremendous success, with respect to Turkey. And I want to thank President Erdoğan. I want to thank our Vice President Mike Pence, our Secretary of State Mike Pompeo. Great job. All of the people that we sent over the last three days. We sent an early group.This is an amazing outcome. This is an outcome -- regardless of how the press would like to damp it down, this was something that they've been trying to get for 10 years. You would have lost millions and millions of lives. They couldn't get it without a little rough love, as I called it. I just put out -- they needed a little bit of that at the beginning.And then everybody said, "Wow, this is tougher than we thought." When those guns start shooting, they tend to do things. But I will tell you, on behalf of the United States, I want to thank Turkey. I want to thank all of the people that have gotten together and made this happen. This is an incredible outcome.So you have a 22-mile strip. And for many, many years, Turkey -- in all fairness, they've had a legitimate problem with it. They had terrorists. They had a lot of people in there that they couldn't have. They've suffered a lot of loss of lives also. And they had to have it cleaned out. But once you start that, it gets to be to a point where a tremendous amount of bad things can happen.So a process started and we started to negotiate. And I think that, obviously, the sanctions and tariffs were going to be very biting. I'm glad we don't have to do it. We'll be taking them off very quickly, as soon as this is finalized. But this is an incredible outcome. This outcome is something they've been trying to get for 10 years -- everybody -- and they couldn't get it, other administrations.And they never would've been able to get it unless you went somewhat unconventional. I guess I'm an unconventional person. I took a lot of heat from a lot of people, even some of the people in my own party, but they were there. In the end, they were there. They're all there. Look, this is about the nation.This isn't about Republicans or Democrats. This is about our nation. So, we have a five-day ceasefire. During that five days, the Kurds and other people -- they're going to be taken great care of. They're going to be moving around -- moving out of a safe zone, which is something that Turkey has always wanted.The ISIS -- they call them "Daesh," but we call them "ISIS." The ISIS fighters that we have captured, they'll be under very, very strict control of various different groups. But we will be watching, we will be in charge, and they'll be under very, very powerful and strict control. And we've gotten everything we could've ever dreamed of, and we're also going to be able to bring our people back home.But we'll be able to have control of ISIS -- total. We'll be able to do whatever we have to do to get the rest of ISIS, wherever they may be. They're never going to be ruling us. And I want to thank everybody. And the other thing, I want thank -- as a group, I want to thank the Kurds because they were incredibly happy with this solution.This is a solution that really -- well, it saved their lives, frankly. It saved their lives. So we've done a great thing for our partner. If we didn't go this unconventional, tough-love approach, you could've never gotten it done. They've been trying to do this for many, many years. You could've never gotten it done.So, I want to thank everybody. I want to thank everybody back in Washington. We're in Texas now and we're going to be opening up a phenomenal new plant. One of the greatest men in business -- in all of business -- is here with us. You know who he is. And they're opening up a plant in Texas. The first time, I believe -- one of the great companies of the world -- first time ever in the United States.And then we're having a big rally in Dallas tonight at the American Airlines Center. So we look forward to that. We've been -- they've been standing on line for three days, as you know. So it's a record crowd over in Dallas. But I didn't know it was going to work out this quickly. I didn't know it would work out this well.It's a great day for the United States. It's a great day for Turkey. It's a great day for our partners, who have really worked. I mean, a lot of people questioned some of them; I'm not questioning anybody. They really did. The Kurds were great. It's a great day for the Kurds. It's really a great day for civilization.It's a great day for civilization. So I just want to thank everybody.Well, sanctions won't be necessary because Turkey is doing what they're doing. I didn't need Congress for sanctions because I can do sanctions that are tougher than Congress. And I was prepared to do that. I just want to thank and congratulate though, President Erdoğan. He's a friend of mine and I'm glad we didn't have a problem.Because, frankly, he's a hell of a leader, and he's a tough man. He's a strong man. And he did the right thing, and I really appreciate it. And I will appreciate it in the future.Well, Turkey has a great military power. Turkey is a friend of ours, a neighbor of ours, and they're a member of NATO. And what Turkey is getting now is they're not going to have to kill millions of people, and millions of people aren't going to have to kill them. I mean, this was going to be a war of lots of other groups coming in; this wasn't going to stop with Turkey against the Kurds.A lot of different groups were coming in. We might not have been involved. I don't want to be involved in that kind of a war. And, by the way, we have the strongest military in the world. But we've been there for 10 years. We've been in the Middle East for nineteen and a half years. So this was a great thing for everybody.And Turkey is -- I really appreciate what they've done. They did the right thing. And I have a great respect for the President.No. No. If you let this go, you would've lost millions of lives. Don't forget: Your friend, President Obama, lost more than a half a million lives in a very short period in the same reason -- region. We've lost very little. But without that gunfire going back and forth, without those rockets going in both directions, without other countries moving in, and potentially moving in and creating virtually a world war -- without all of that happening, you would've never been able to make this deal.We've tried -- we have tried, but everybody has tried to make this deal for 15 years. They could never do it. It was only when it started -- people started seeing how nasty it was going to be. It was going to be very nasty. Not only sanctions and tariffs, the war itself would've been very nasty. So, they did things that they wouldn't have done.I just put out. Everything agreed to things that, three days ago, they would have never agreed to. That includes the Kurds. The Kurds are now much more inclined to do what has to be done. Turkey is much more inclined to do what has to be done. Turkey wouldn't have done this three days ago. The Kurds would not have done it three days ago.This is a situation where everybody is happy. And I'm happy because there's no fighting. We can bring certainly most of our people back home for the first time in many years.No. No. But I do think this, David: I think it had to be an unconventional solution. Because the conventional solution is to sit down, negotiate, and they've done that for 15 years. Actually more than that, I understand. And that was never going to work. But all of a sudden when they saw -- and how nasty it was and how rough it would get; it would get 100 times worse than what was happening.But when they saw the level of nastiness, they said, "Let's make a deal -- everybody together. Let's make a deal."I think so. I think it's going to last. I think that President Erdoğan is very smart. I think he wants it to last. He wants safety for his people. Look, say what you want. A lot of bad things happened to Turkey from that district, from that 22-mile stretch. A lot of people in Turkey were killed. So that's not fair.Nobody likes to mention that. This was a great thing for the Kurds. This was a great thing for Turkey. This is great for everybody. And, frankly, the thing that I'm most happy about is that we were -- I took a lot of heat -- but that we were able to do it so fast. I thought this would go on for longer. This was such a smart thing to get it done so fast.Well, now I would say that would be very much open. I would say that, yeah, he would come. He did a terrific thing. He's a leader. He's a leader. He had to make a decision. A lot of people wouldn't have made that decision because they don't know; they ultimately would've made it. But what he did was very smart and it was great for the people of Turkey.And they're lucky it was him that was making the decision, I will tell you that.Yes. We're going to have people that watch it. And most particularly, we're going to have people that are watching ISIS. We'll have people watching. And ISIS will be largely again controlled by the Kurds. Because what a lot of people don't know: Most of the areas where ISIS is, is outside of the war zone or the 22 miles.So ISIS will be -- very few have gotten out. Most of them have been recaptured. And what's happened is ISIS is outside of the war zone. So that's going to be controlled very much by the Kurds, with our supervision.He's very happy. They've spoken to him. The Kurds are very happy. Turkey is very happy. The United States is very happy. And you know what? Civilization is very happy. It's a great thing for civilization. Thank you, everybody.Thank you very much. Today, it is my honor to welcome President Sergio Mattarella of Italy to the White House. We've known each other for a while. We've dealt with each other for a while. And we've had some really great conversations. We've had a very productive discussion throughout the day with our staffs and representatives.And I look forward to hosting the President and his daughter, Laura, at a reception for Italian-Americans this evening. I look forward to that very much. The United States and Italy are bound together by a shared cultural and political heritage dating back thousands of years to Ancient Rome. Over the centuries, the Italian people have blessed our civilization with magnificent works of art, science, philosophy, architecture, and music.On Monday we paid tribute to the Italian explorer who led a voyage of discovery to the New World, a gentleman known as Christopher Columbus. And to me it will always be called "Columbus Day." Some people don't like that; I do. Today, the United States and Italy draw strength from our cherished heritage, as we work together to safeguard our people and promote prosperity.As NATO Allies, our countries cooperate closely on a wide range of critical defense issues, including the protection of our nations against radical Islamic terrorism. The problem is that Italy is only paying 1.1 percent, instead of the mandated 2 percent, which, by and of itself, is a low number. It should be probably 4 percent.Anywhere from 4 to 5 percent. Only 8 of the 28 NATO countries are paying the 2 percent, meaning 20 of the countries are delinquent in the payment to NATO. And they have been for many years. Germany is at 1.3 percent, at most, depending on calculations. Spain is at less than 1 percent. Turkey, believe it or not, is almost current, almost paid up. And I want to just thank Secretary General Stoltenberg because he is going around saying that President Trump was able to raise over $100 billion last year, which is true.But it's still only a large fraction. It's a still a large fraction of the amount of money that's owed by many of the countries that aren't paying their dues. We hope that Italy will boost its defense spending in order to meet NATO's minimum 2 percent of GDP. And I will say that they have just purchased -- and we learned about it today -- 90 brand-new, beautiful F-35s. The Strike Fighter program is doing phenomenally well.One of our major challenges and the challenge facing NATO today is instability in the Mediterranean and North Africa areas. And much of the volatility in that region stems from the violence in Libya, which is very close to Italy's borders. The President and I were talking about that at great length. A big problem.The ongoing Libyan conflict has led to a migration crisis, placing significant and unfair burdens on Italy, in particular. I've asked that the European Union get much more involved because they're not involved enough. That's a problem for the European Union. They do very well with us on trade. They had a trade surplus with the United States, over the last five or six years, of about $150 billion a year.They have to get more involved and help Italy. The Italian government has stepped up as a leader to fight this illegal immigration. We urge also our NATO and European partners to take firm action to halt illegal immigration and uphold sovereign borders. Immigration control is critical to national security and essential to the wellbeing of our citizens.Nations must be able to vet, screen, and properly manage entry and admission into society. You know the legislation that we had passed. We have absolutely no help from the Democrats on our borders. Absolutely nothing. The closure of loopholes, which would be very easy to do, they refuse to do. They want open borders, and Italy doesn't want open borders.And we're not going to have open borders. And our numbers are very good. I want to thank also Mexico and the President of Mexico for the great help they've given us. They've helped us much more than the Democrats. Here in the United States, we're taking dramatic action to secure our borders, shut down smuggling networks, and speed the removal of illegal immigrants.We're moving the MS-13 gang members out literally by the thousands. They're getting out. We're dropping them out of our country and they can't come back. And what we've done with Guatemala and Honduras and El Salvador is, they tell me, close to a miracle -- the agreements that we've signed. They accept them back and they keep them back.It's a much different relationship than we've ever had with those three countries, and I want to thank the leadership of those three countries. We've been working well -- very well together. Our message is clear: If you enter illegally the United States, you will be promptly returned home. They're all returning home.It takes a long time because we've had years of people coming in, staying, and that's the end of that. President Mattarella also discussed the steps we must take to enhance commerce and economic growth between our two countries. Our nations are already investing nearly $70 billion in each other's economies.Without the burdens, as unfair as they are -- imposed by the European Union -- we would actually have a much higher number than $70 billion, between Italy and the United States. However, we can do more and we can achieve fairness and reciprocity, which we don't have right now. America's trade deficit with Italy accounts for about 20 percent of our nearly 150- to 170-billion-dollar -- probably, according to some estimates, could even be 178-billion-dollar -- annual trade deficit with the European Union.We welcome Italy's support for a mutually beneficial trade agreement with the EU that ensures a level playing field for American workers. And it hasn't been that for many, many years. I could solve the problem instantly, but it would be too hard. It'd be too harsh. It would involve tariffs on European products coming into this country.And for right now, we're going to try and do it without that. But that would solve the problem instantly because the United States is not being treated fairly. We also welcome Italy's participation in combatting predatory trade and investment practices worldwide, especially in technology. We must work together to shield our intellectual property, critical infrastructure, ports, and data security.I applaud Italy's recent commitment to use only safe and trustworthy technology providers, components, and supply chains, especially relating to the 5G networks. We will work together to take further steps to secure the technology of the future. And, speaking of 5G and how it relates to China, we've done a rather incredible trade deal -- especially right now, phase one -- for our farmers and for the finance industry, financial services.And it's been really quite amazing.Excuse me? Is there a problem back there? It's been quite amazing. The level of receptivity has been much different than in the past. China and myself -- our representatives, their representatives -- have made a deal from $40 [Billion] to $50 billion in farm products, agricultural products. People said we were hoping for $20 [Billion]. So, China has been good.And they've already started purchasing, by the way. That's already started. The agreement -- we hope to have it signed sometime prior to Chile. We're going to Chile -- President Xi and myself. We'll probably do a signing over there, of phase one, assuming it all gets finished up, which we think it will.There's been a lot of goodwill between the United States and China over the last period of time. So we're signing from $40 [Billion] to $50 billion. And that will -- because it was incorrectly reported in the press, shockingly -- that will take place -- it's already started taking place. They're already purchasing a lot of farm product.All of the banking regulations and all of the financial services, all of the other things that are included -- and there are many other things in phase one that I won't talk about now -- but all of that is moving along rapidly. Bob Lighthizer is with us someplace here, and he is in the process of getting it completed.Have a great staff of people working on both sides. Mr. President, it's a true pleasure to host you in our nation's capital -- you and your family -- and your deeply personal relationship to your country; you love your country so much. Just in speaking to you for a short while, I see how much you love Italy, and I can understand that.It's really an inspiration and a testament to the patriotism and pride of the Italian people. Great spirit for Italy. America is grateful to have true friends and allies in the citizens of Italy. We have such a great relationship with the people of Italy. The United States is, likewise, thankful to be home to more than 16 million Italian-Americans.Tonight, here at the White House, we'll celebrate our deep and abiding friendship with Italy and the really incredible Italian people. The U.S.-Italian alliance is stronger than ever before, and we're going to be celebrating that tonight with you, Mr. President. So I look forward to that very much, in a little while.And in the meantime, thank you very much. And we'd love to have you say a few words. Thank you.Thank you. Thank you. Well, thank you very much, Mr. President. And the WTO, the World Trade Organization -- as everyone knows, we just won seven and a half billion dollars because of unfair trade practices. And that will be distributed in a fair way throughout various countries in Europe. And we're talking to the President about that as it pertains to Italy.He thought we were a little bit harsh on Italy, and we don't want to be harsh on Italy. We'll never do that. So we'll look at that very strongly. We will look at that for you. That was one of the requests made. And we will be taking a look at that. Please. How are you?No, President Erdoğan's decision didn't surprise me because he's wanted to do that for a long time. He's been building up troops on the border with Syria for a long time, as you know. Our soldiers are mostly gone from the area. We only had 26, 28 -- but under 50. We think it's probably 28, but under 50 soldiers, and -- which is a very tiny force.And it didn't surprise me at all. This is -- they've been warring for many years. It's unnatural for us, but it's sort of natural for them. They fight, and they fight long and they fight hard. And they've been fighting Syria for a long time and on the border; that's the border with Syria. And I say, "Why are we protecting Syria's land?Assad is not a friend of ours. Why are we protecting their land?" And Syria also has a relationship with the Kurds -- who, by the way, are no angels. Okay? Who is an angel? There aren't too many around. But Syria has a relationship with the Kurds. So they'll come in for their border, and they'll fight.They may bring partners in. They could bring Russia in. And I say, "Welcome to it." Russia went into Afghanistan when it was the Soviet Union, and it became Russia. It became a much smaller country because of Afghanistan. You can overextend, you can do a lot of things, but, frankly, if Russia is going to help in protecting the Kurds, that's a good thing, not a bad thing.But it would be led by Syria. And Syria doesn't want Turkey to take its land. I can understand that. But what does that have to do with the United States of America if they're fighting over Syria's land? Are we supposed to fight a NATO member, in order that Syria, who is not our friend, keeps their land?I don't think so. But Syria does have a relationship with the Kurds. The thing that's common is that everybody hates ISIS. Now, the PKK, which is a part of the Kurds, as you know, is probably worse at terror and more of terrorist threat, in many ways, than ISIS. So it's a very semi-complicated -- not too complicated, if you're smart -- but it's a semi-complicated problem.And I think it's a problem that we have very nicely under control. We have two countries wanting their land. We have one country that wants land perhaps that doesn't belong to them because they want to have a 22-mile strip of, they call it, "freedom." They call it a lot of things. They want to get terrorists out.You have another country that says, "You can't have our land." And they're going to have to work that out. Now, with that being said, Vice President Mike Pence is going there. He'll be leaving either late tonight or tomorrow. And he was going to leave yesterday, but they have to have certain security done.He's a very important man in our country. And he'll be leaving with Secretary of State Pompeo. We already have representatives there negotiating with Turkey. We've put massive sanctions on Turkey, and we have additional sanctions on Turkey. And when I ran, I ran on the basis we're going to bring our great soldiers back home where they belong.We don't have to fight these endless wars. We're bringing them back home. That's what I won on. And some people -- whether you call it the "military industrial complex" or beyond that -- they'd like me to stay. One of the problems I have, and one of -- for instance, with the witch hunt, you have people that want me to stay; they want me to fight forever.They do very well fighting. That's what they want to do: fight. A lot of companies want to fight because they make their weapons based on fighting, not based on peace. And they take care of a lot of people. I want to bring our soldiers back home. We're not a police force; we're a fighting force. We're the greatest fighting force ever.I spent $2.5 trillion over the last almost three years, rebuilding our military. When I took it over, it was a mess. It was an absolute mess. It was totally depleted. You know that, and a lot of people know that. Honest people all know that. When I was thinking about having to do something, one of our generals came in to see me and he said, "Sir, we don't have ammunition." I said, "That's a terrible thing you just said." He said, "We don't have ammunition." Now we have more ammunition than we've ever had.We have more missiles. We have more rockets. Our nuclear has been totally updated, and, in some cases, new. Hopefully to God we never have to use it, but we have the most powerful nuclear base, by far, in the world. And we have things that we never had before. We have a great modern military, but that doesn't mean we're going to waste it. It doesn't mean we're going to deplete it, like we did before with these crazy, endless wars.So, Turkey and Syria will hopefully work it out between themselves. Hopefully, ISIS will be guarded. I told -- I spoke with, as you know, a wonderful man yesterday -- a general -- from the Kurds. You all know who I'm talking about. Some of you have seen the letter that I put out to Erdoğan. I gave it to him -- President Erdoğan. And some of you have seen it. With the general, I said, "Listen, don't open those doors and let them out just to create more havoc so that we come in." Because some of those doors were just opened.Let's create some havoc and some political exposure for the President of the United States. We were the ones that contact- -- we were the ones that got ISIS. We're the ones that took care of it -- specifically me, because I'm the one that gave the order. Because when I came in, under President Obama, ISIS was a disaster all over that area.I was the one that got them. We were the ones that captured them. And I will say this: that Russia, Iran, Syria, and to maybe a slightly lesser extent, Turkey, they all hate ISIS as much as we do. And it's their part of the world. We're 7,000 miles away. I campaigned on bringing our soldiers back home, and that's what I'm doing.That includes other places too; many other places. Statutorily, it takes a period of time. Diplomatically, it takes a period of time. But, you know, we're in many countries. Many, many countries. I'm embarrassed to tell you how many. I know the exact number, but I'm embarrassed to say it because it's so foolish.We're in countries -- we're protecting countries that don't even like us. They take advantage of us. They don't pay. Nothing. You probably saw -- some of you wrote and covered the fact that we're sending some additional troops to Saudi Arabia. That's true. And I appreciate the fact that I negotiated, for a short period of time -- a matter of minutes -- with Saudi Arabia, and they've agreed to pay for the full cost of all of that deployment, and more.Much more. A very rich country; they should be paying. And so should many other countries be paying if they want this kind of protection. Same with NATO. We're at 4 percent, and other countries are at 1 percent. And certainly, a European country benefits much more than we do with NATO. I mean, it's there for a reason.And perhaps we benefit, but not nearly as much as the European countries. Some people say we don't benefit at all. We put ourselves at harm's way. But we do that for Europe, but then they treat us badly on trade. Not fair. So I would say that we're in a great position. We're doing what I said. We have two countries that are going to argue over their border.Hopefully they'll work it out. We're going to try and work it out. I think our Vice President, who's a very capable man, will do well tomorrow. He's going to meet with President Erdoğan. Or, President Erdoğan said he wouldn't meet with anybody, and he took that back just a little while ago. And he said, "No, I will." And I think they'll have a successful meeting.If they don't, the sanctions and tariffs and other things that we're doing -- we will do and are doing to Turkey -- will be devastating to Turkey's economy. I got Pastor Brunson home. Nobody else could do it. The previous administration tried very hard. They were unable to do it. I did it very quickly.And let's see what happens, but I think we'll be successful. But we got to get out of the endless wars. We have to bring our troops back home. I go to Walter Reed and I give out Purple Hearts; just did it on Friday. I see the incredible soldiers coming home to Dover, coming home in a coffin, on areas that we have nothing to do with -- we have nothing to do with.And it's heartbreaking. I sign letters all the time to parents whose son was shot in different places in the Middle East, mostly. It's very heartbreaking to see. Very heartbreaking. So, I've said it. And it's through strength, not through weakness. Much harder to do what I'm doing. I could be like all of these others: "Oh, just leave them there.Leave them there." No, I can't do it. Much easier for me -- much -- probably politically better for me just to say, "We'll leave a lot of people there and we'll fight." They don't even know what they're fighting for. It's much more difficult, politically. It's not politically expedient; it's just the opposite.And I have people, even on my side, they want to fight. I say, "Why are we fighting?" "I don't know." They don't even know. So you have Syria and you have Turkey, and they're going to argue. Maybe they're going to fight it out. But our men aren't going to get killed over it. And just one other thing, they've been fighting for hundreds of years.This has been going on for hundreds of years. So it's a long answer, but I think I've got much of it out. Thank you very much. Please. Question?By the way, the digital tax, I have to say, is interesting because I did discuss it with another European Union member, namely France. And France is basically doing the digital tax. And I'm no fan of those companies. They were against me. Somebody said I lost maybe 2 million votes, maybe more, because of Facebook.But these are American companies. And whether you like it or not, they're great, big, American companies. And I'm not happy with the digital tax, where France, and European Union is taxing our companies. And, as you know, we imposed a big tax on French wine because of it. So, just to answer your question, Kevin, I'm not happy about the fact that they are taxing our companies.I'm not a fan of those companies, but if anybody is going to tax those companies, it should be the USA. It shouldn't be France and the European Union, who have really taken advantage of the United States. Okay? Thank you very much. Good question. Okay, you can pick somebody, Mr. President.Well, I don't know the details; I just know that our country is looking into the corruption of the 2016 election. It was a corrupt election, whether it's Comey; or McCabe; or Strzok or his lover, Lisa Page -- the two great lovers. There was a lot of corruption. Maybe it goes right up to President Obama. I happen to think it does.But you look at Brennan, and you look at Clapper, and you get some real beauties. I know that they're looking into the corruption. Obviously, the IG report is coming out soon, so we'll find out. I don't know anything about the meeting, but certainly, it would be appropriate. Because the word is -- and you read it in the same papers that I do -- that they did go to other countries to try and hide what they are doing.Italy may have been one of them. So you'll really have to ask Attorney General Barr. Okay? Thank you.Jon, go ahead.Sure.I didn't give him a green light.That's the same thing as you just -- you know, when you make a statement like that, it's so deceptive. Just the opposite of a green light. First of all, we had virtually no soldiers there. They were mostly gone. Just a tiny little group. And they would have been in harm's way. You have a massive army on the other side of the border.But more importantly, I didn't give him a green light. And if anybody saw the letter, which can be released very easily if you'd like -- I could certainly release it -- but I wrote a letter right after that conversation -- a very powerful letter. There was never given a green light. They've been wanting to do that for years and, frankly, they've been fighting for many, many years.And when you ask a question like that, it's very deceptive, Jon. It's almost as deceptive as you showing all of the bombings taking place in Syria, and it turned out that the bombing that you showed on television took place in Kentucky. So, you know, and I'm not even sure that ABC apologized for that, but certainly it was a terrible thing.I'm looking at this -- I say, "Wow, that's pretty bad" -- and it was in Kentucky. It wasn't in Syria. So I don't know what you're going to do about that, but I think ABC owes an apology.No, Lindsey Graham would like to stay in the Middle East for the next thousand years with thousands of soldiers and fighting other people's wars. I want to get out of the Middle East. I think Lindsey should focus right now on judiciary, like the Democrats -- the Do-nothing Democrats, as I call them, because they're doing nothing.They're getting nothing done. They're not getting USMCA done -- between Canada, the United States, and Mexico. They're getting nothing done. And I think Lindsey should focus on judiciary. He ought to find out about what happened with Comey, what happened with McCabe, Lisa, what happened with Peter Strzok, what happened with President Obama, what happened with Brennan.That's what Lindsey ought to focus on. That's what the people of South Carolina want him to focus on. The people of South Carolina don't want us to get into a war with Turkey -- a NATO member -- or with Syria. Let them fight their own wars. They've been fighting for 1,000 years. Let them fight their own wars.The people of South Carolina want to see those troops come home. And I won an election based on that. And that's the way it is, whether it's good or bad. That's the way it is. And if you look at this country, I'd be willing to bet anything -- political instinct -- that that's what the country wants.I'm going to get involved in a war between Turkey and Syria, especially when, if you look at the Kurds -- and again, I say this with great respect: They're no angels. If you look at PKK --Take a look at PKK. ISIS respects PKK. You know, why? Because they're as tough or tougher than ISIS. You take a look at a lot of the things having to do -- you have to say it -- nobody wants to say it. We're making the Kurds look like they're angels. We paid a lot of money to the Kurds. Tremendous amounts of money.We've given them massive fortunes. And you know what? It's wonderful. They fought with us. But we paid a lot for them to fight with us. But, just so you understand, we were the ones that captured ISIS. People let some go; they opened a couple of doors to make us look as bad as possible. We have a situation where Turkey is taking land from Syria.Syria is not happy about it. Let them work it out. We shouldn't be over there. And you should get your accounts correct. And you shouldn't be showing up buildings blowing up in Kentucky and say it's Syria, because that really is fake news. Yes, please. Ask a question.Oh, absolutely. Russia. Russia hates ISIS. Russia hates ISIS as much as the United States does. Iran hates ISIS. I mean, we're fighting a war for Russia. We're fighting a war for Iran. If you look at Syria, Syria hates ISIS. We're over there killing ISIS and we're killing -- don't forget, we're 7,000 miles away.So we're killing ISIS. We're 7,000 miles away. Russia is much closer. Iran is right there. Turkey is right there. They all -- they all hate ISIS. Turkey a little bit less so, but the others, very much. Russia had a plane blown up by ISIS. Russia wants nothing to do with ISIS. Russia is tough. They can kill ISIS just as well, and they happen to be in their neighborhood.And all I'm saying is this: I'm not going to lose potentially thousands and tens of thousands of American soldiers fighting a war between Turkey and Syria. Syria is not our friend. Assad is not our friend. That's the way it goes. Please, ask a question to the President.Twenty-eight. They say it was 28. We thought it was 50, but it was about 28 -- 26 to 28 troops. All accounted for, nobody injured --Listen: All accounted for. Nobody injured. Nobody missing. It's really nice.You know, what's happened? No American soldiers have been killed. That's what's happened. And other people will go in -- and very easy to recapture those people that, probably, the Kurds let go to make a little bit stronger political impact. And that's okay. I fully understand it, but that's the way it goes.We're bringing our soldiers back home. And we've done a great job. We were supposed to be in Syria for one month. That was 10 years ago. And we've been a police force. It's time to bring our soldiers back home. That's the way it is. We've had no soldiers injured or hurt. That's because I'm President.And we're the boss. Just remember that. We have the most powerful military in the world, by far. Please.Well, I'll answer first. Yes, I am satisfied. They have been very accommodating. They weren't at the beginning, and they have been since then. And I want to just thank the Italian government and your Prime Minister, actually, in addition to the President. But, as you know, I had long conversations with my friend, and they were very nice.So, I am very satisfied. And we just discussed the same conversation with the President. We're very satisfied. Thank you.Well, actually, the tariff situation is interesting because we just -- it's like I said with China, and it turned out to be true -- we cannot lose a war of tariffs because the imbalance is so great between the United States and, in this case, the European Union. Also true with China. That turned out to be right.We've collected tens of billions of dollars of tariffs. We've given some to the farmers, to make them even. And now the farmers are going to have a bigger contract than they ever thought possible. They won't be able to produce even that much, but I think they will because they're incredible, ingenious.As I say, jokingly, but probably not jokingly: They'll just have to buy larger tractors, which is probably what they're doing right now. But the farmers come out so well. But in a war of tariffs with the European Union, the trade imbalance is so great that we can't lose that because they do much more business than we do, and that's unfortunate.But the word "reciprocity" is probably my favorite word. Of all of these words, all of the semi-complicated, complicated -- to me, not complicated at all -- things that we're doing, it's got to be reciprocal, and it's not. The European Union has taken tremendous advantage of the United States. Many of us come through -- one way or the other -- through the European Union.That's the good news. The bad news is they've been very smart. They've been very smart. Jean-Claude has been brilliant. Now he's leaving, but he's been -- he's been brilliant at really helping them and not helping us. And so that's changing now. But we can't lose that particular war of tariffs because the trade imbalance is tremendous.It's tremendous. And if you look at what they don't have -- the barriers that they put up; they put up tremendous barriers to our doing business in Europe -- tremendous barriers -- both from a monetary standpoint and what they call "nonmonetary barriers." It's a very tough thing. Our farm products -- very hard to get them in. Our cars -- very hard to get them in. And yet, they send Mercedes.They send BMW. Then they send Volkswagen; Renault, in the case of France. So it's a very tough situation for us for many years, but now it's a very tough situation for them. Because I can remedy the situation very easily, and there really is not any financial counterattack. Hopefully, I don't have to do that.We are -- with all of the being said, we are talking. We're talking with some new people in Europe, and I hope it's going to be successful; that way, we don't have to talk about it or worry about it because our relationship should be a great one. But we have to be treated fairly on NATO, and we have to be treated fairly on trade with the European Union.Thank you all very much. Thank you.So, we just made what, I guess, is one of the biggest deals that's been made in a long time, with China. The Vice Premier has just left my office. We have a great deal. We're papering it now. Over the next three or four or five weeks, hopefully it'll get finished. A tremendous benefit to our farmers, technology, and many other things -- the banking industry, financial services.And, I guess, by now, you know pretty much we've had a very, very good couple of days with China. And it looks like that deal is very much on it's on way. It'll be the largest deal ever made for farmers. We're talking about a $40 [Billion] to $50 billion purchase and other things. I mean, it's an incredible deal for farmers.I think they'll have to go out and buy more land and buy bigger tractors. So, we'll hopefully get that done pretty quickly.Well, we'll take a look at it. We'll take a look at it.This will go a long time into the future. This a buy. This is a very big buy. It's two years, but it'll go a long time into the future. The biggest deal made was $16 billion and this could be $50 [Billion]. So this is many times more, many times bigger than any deal ever made for the farmers.Say it.Oh, they'll keep their word. China is going to keep their word. They want to make the deal. They're going to keep their word.Well, I don't know. I haven't spoken to Rudy. I spoke to him yesterday, briefly. He's a very good attorney, and he has been my attorney. Yeah, sure. Steve.Well, we're looking at it. We didn't discuss that, Steve, on this deal -- Huawei. We didn't discuss it, having to do with phase one. This is phase one of an either phase two or phase three deal. So we haven't discussed Huawei, relative to this deal. So basically, the status will remain the same.Well, she may be a wonderful woman. I don't know her ---- but she may be very much a wonderful woman. If you remember the phone call I had with the President -- the new President -- he didn't speak favorably. But I just don't know her. She may be a wonderful woman.Well, I'm not going to talk about it now, because we're just starting the negotiation of phase two. We'll actually begin as soon as we're finished papering phase one. But phase one, it's one of the biggest deals ever made -- and unbelievable for technology, unbelievable for the banking industry and services, and for the farmers.It's -- there's never been anything like it.Well, we're going to see what happens. We're going to be discussing that in phase two.Who?Well, the whistleblower has been very inaccurate. The whistleblower -- I don't know what kind of a whistleblower --The whistleblower reported a totally different conversation than I had. I released a transcript of my conversation -- an exact transcript. And the whistleblower didn't say that. The whistleblower is either saying untruths, okay? Or he didn't know. Or he's making up a story, like Schiff did. Schiff made up a story.Because when Schiff read what I actually said, he said, "I can't say this because he did nothing wrong." So Schiff went out and he made up a lie. He made up a -- it was a fraudulent story. You know that. You know that better than anybody. You're a good lawyer. And, frankly, he went out. He made up a fraudulent story.He then went before the U.S. Congress and the American people, and he reported a fraudulent story. Now, Schiff -- something should happen to Schiff for that. He shouldn't have immunity for that. Why should Schiff be given immunity when he goes out and he says a story about the President of the United States -- what the President said -- and it bears no relationship?In fact, every word was different. And I'll tell you what: I can't believe that a congressman could be that dishonest and can have immunity from that. Steve.So, Turkey and the Kurds have been fighting for hundreds of years. We are out of there. But we have a tremendous financial strength, which I've helped a lot with, because our country has become much stronger since I've been President, by many trillions of dollars. And if Turkey does something that they shouldn't be doing, we will put on sanctions the likes of which very few countries have ever seen before.David.No, I don't know. Is he leaving?Oh, that's a shame.That I don't know. Wait -- did I hear Shepard Smith is leaving?Is he leaving because of bad ratings?Tell me. I don't know. He has terrible ratings. Is he leaving because of his ratings?I mean, if he's leaving, I assume he is leaving because he had bad ratings.He had the worst ratings on Fox, so there's a reason -- why is Shepard Smith leaving?Well, I wish him well.I wish -- I wish Shepard Smith well.I think Hunter Biden is a disgrace. You know, the number-one T-shirt selling right now is, "Where's Hunter?" I came up with that one last night. And, by the way, we had a record-setting -- last night, as you saw -- rally. That was a rally like few other rallies. And now I'm going to Louisiana. And we're taking the Little League World Champions -- I think World Champions.And they're going to be on the plane. They're from Louisiana. And they're flying with me. We just had pictures in the White House.I haven't asked that, no. But a lot of people should be asking, perhaps. I have not asked it. Hunter Biden walked away with a billion and a half dollars from China, $168,000 a month from Ukraine -- supposedly a $3 million payment from Ukraine. Have I asked? No. But I can't imagine that somebody isn't asking.The whole thing that they're doing is a hoax to try and win an election that they're not going to win in 2020. You look at the phone conversation I had with the President of Ukraine; it was perfect. The only thing that wasn't perfect was the fraud that was committed on the American people in Congress when Schiff got up. And instead of reading what was said, word-for-word, exact -- when Schiff got up and he lied and he defrauded the American public by making up a conversation.He made it up. So let me just tell you that the whole -- this whole Ukraine story is a hoax. And yesterday -- I know you don't like to report it, but I might as well say it: The President of Ukraine said loud and clear that the conversation was absolutely a perfect conversation, that there was no problem with it whatsoever.The what?Well, we'll see.We'll see. We have a good relationship with Turkey. They're a NATO partner. We do a lot of trade with Turkey. But we don't want them killing a lot of people. And, you know, we have been out of there. We beat ISIS. We knocked the hell out of them. We took a hundred percent of the caliphate. We did our job.But we have a lot of power, financially. And I've built something here. Over the last three and a half years, if you take a look -- take a look at what's been happening to the United States over the last almost three years. You take a look at the economic power that we've created. We've gone up -- in fact, the Vice Premier of China just said -- we've gone up trillions of dollars.China has gone down trillions of dollars. If we have to use sanctions, we will on Turkey.So we're sending more troops to Saudi Arabia. Saudi Arabia is a very good ally, from the standpoint that we get along with them very well -- a very important player in the Middle East. The relationship has been very good. And they buy hundreds of billions of dollars' worth of merchandise from us, not only military equipment.In military equipment, about $110 billion. It's millions of jobs. Now, with that being said, we are sending troops and other things to the Middle East to help Saudi Arabia. But are you ready? Saudi Arabia, at my request, has agreed to pay us for everything we're doing. That's a first. But Saudi Arabia -- and other countries, too, now -- but Saudi Arabia has agreed to pay us for everything we're doing to help them.And we appreciate that.It's all right.Say it?What?We lost immigration? I haven't heard that. We'll win. We'll turn -- we'll -- you know how many cases I've lost and then we win? Okay, remember they said I lost ban -- the travel ban? And then they said I lost it again, and then I ended up winning it. So, I've -- I've had a great -- I've had a great track record.And right now, within a couple of weeks, we will have 160 judges. And within a couple of months, we'll have 182 federal judges. And we are breaking records like nobody has ever seen in that regard, as you know.Do you agree? Do you agree? A hundred and eighty-two. Do you agree?You got to say yes.Your father would say yes.We're going to hold off on the 5 percent increase from 25 to 30 [Percent].Well, if you look at the deal, the deal is so incredible. The deal is a great deal. And I have to say it again: The farmers -- it's going to be $50 billion dollars' worth of purchase. The most they've ever done was $16 [Billion]. So the farmers in Iowa, Nebraska, and all of these other great states that I love and that obviously like me a lot, too, they're going to have to buy more land fast and bigger tractors or they're not going to be able to keep up with the order.Also, China, over the last two weeks, as you've probably seen, has been buying a lot of farm product. A lot of farm product. So, we're agreeing not to put that additional increase. So we're going to get 25 percent. And when the increase kicks in on October 15th, on the 25 to 30 [Percent], we're not going to charge that.That's going to be held in abeyance, subject to the final deal.Well, it's basically everything I said. I don't have to go through it. But tremendous for banking, tremendous for technology. Beyond tremendous for the American farmer and rancher. Tremendous deal. Have a good time. See you in Louisiana. We're going -- we're going now -- we're going now to Louisiana. We're going to have a great rally.I hope you're going to come. Okay?So, we just completed a negotiation with China. We're doing very well. We're having another one tomorrow. I'm meeting with the Vice Premier over at the White House. And I think it's going really well, I will say. I think it's going really well.So, we had a very, very good negotiation with China. They'll be speaking a little bit later, but they're basically wrapping it up, and we're going to see them tomorrow, right here. And it's going very well.What happened? Who took $900,000?I hope it's not true that -- Joe Biden took $900,000? I haven't heard that. I hope it's not true. For the sake of the country, I hope that's not true. But I don't know anything about it.What?Who?I don't know. But I know the whistleblower has been very inaccurate because when we released the transcript of the conversation that I had with the President of Ukraine, who -- frankly, today, was very good; somewhere in Ukraine, I guess, gave a news conference on unrelated things -- was asked a question, and he said, "President Trump behaved in a perfectly fine manner.There was nothing wrong in any way, shape, or form." Something to that effect. So, I appreciate that. But the President of Ukraine, that should be case over, because the President of Ukraine said that the call was absolutely fine. I think he said that it resembled very much -- and he remembered it -- it was just like the transcript.Now, the transcript is a perfect transcript. There shouldn't be any further questions. But the President of Ukraine just made that statement, so that's good.I don't know those gentlemen.Now, it's possible I have a picture with them, because I have a picture with everybody. I have a picture with everybody here. But somebody said there may be a picture or something where -- at a fundraiser or somewhere. And so -- but I have pictures with everybody.I don't know if there's anybody I don't have pictures with. I don't know them. I don't know about them, I don't know what they do. But, I don't know, maybe they were clients of Rudy. You'd have to ask Rudy. I just don't know.No.Well, I don't know how you can impeach on a conversation with the President of a country -- in this case, Ukraine -- which was a perfect conversation, where the President of Ukraine just said there was no pressure put on him whatsoever, that we had an absolutely perfect conversation. Then, on top of that, and maybe less importantly, frankly, but on top of that, we have a transcript of the conversation, fortunately, that's perfect.And I do think this: I think it's very unfair to heads of countries when they think every time they make a conversation or have a conversation with the President of the United States, it's going to be on, you know, all over the world. I think that's very unfair. But, in the case -- in the case of what we're talking about, we released a perfect conversation.The President of Ukraine just confirmed that. And that should be case over. I will say this: Adam Schiff took that conversation before he saw it and fabricated a conversation. To me, that's criminal. What he did is criminal.I just don't think you're running country -- I just don't think that you can have all of these people testifying about every conversation you've had. In this case, we have a transcript. And I've given it almost immediately. It's called "transparency." Nobody has been more transparent than me. So, you have a transcript.And in this case, you also have the President of Ukraine confirming that, absolutely, it was a perfect conversation. But the Democrats have committed crimes because they made up the conversation. The whistleblower was wrong. You know, I don't think people should be allowed. You have to run a country. I don't think you should be allowed to do that.Say it?I can't hear.Are you talking about in the UK?They're in the process of being spoken to. We're working on that. I did have a conversation yesterday with Boris Johnson, a good one. And we're talking about diplomatic immunity. It's a very interesting situation. We are trying to work something out.So we're going to work -- we're going to try and work something out. I think we'll be able to.How many people can they talk to? We had a simple conversation. Everybody knows what the conversation was because I gave it immediately when I heard about it. The whistleblower, who seems to be a Democrat that's involved with a lot of people, gave a false interpretation of the conversation because we have the conversation.The President of Ukraine just said, just now, that the conversation was absolutely perfect. No problem. It was a very good conversation. So I don't know why they'd be calling Rick Perry. I don't know why they'd be calling all these people. It's a very bad situation for our country.It was reported.Well, I hope not. Again, I don't know how he knows these people --What?Okay, well, then, they're clients. I mean, you know, he's got a lot of clients. So, I just don't know. I haven't spoken to Rudy about it. I don't know. I will say this: From what I heard -- I just heard about this -- they said, "We have nothing to do with it. We're totally -- we have nothing to do with it."Was I what?China has to do whatever they want. If they want to look into something, they can look into it. If they don't want to look into it, they don't have to. Frankly, are far as I'm concerned, if China wants to look into something, I think that's great. And if they don't want to, I think that's great too. That's up to China.Yeah.Well, Trey Gowdy is a terrific guy. I think there's a problem with he can't start for another couple of months because of lobbying rules and regulations. So, you'll have to ask about that. I just heard Trey Gowdy can't start until sometime after January because of the lobbying rules and regulations. So, I don't know.So, we'll have to see.I haven't spoken to him. I haven't spoken. Go ahead.Perhaps the last one, I hope. I hope the last one. Of the three, I hope it's going to be the last one. Look, we have no soldiers in Syria. We've won. We've beat ISIS. And we've beat them badly and decisively. We have no soldiers. The last thing I want to do is bring thousands and thousands of soldiers in and defeat everybody again.We've already done that. So what we have is really two choices: You have the choice of bringing in the military and defeating everybody again, or you have the choice of financially doing some very strong things to Turkey so that they take it a little bit easy on, really, competition that is -- I don't think it's being fairly treated in many ways, okay?We have a very good relationship with the Kurds. Or we can mediate. I hope we can mediate, John. I hope we can mediate.Say it?Turkey knows where I stand. And the last thing -- okay, very simple: We had a big victory. We left the area. I don't think the American people want to see us go back in with our military, go back into that area again. We won. We left the area. I don't think we want to go back in. Let's see what happens. We are going to possibly do something very, very tough with respect to sanctions and other financial things.I think we can win. It's been a long time since a Republican won. We have a 20,000-seat auditorium. You know, we have the -- it's essentially Madison Square Garden. And it's sold out. Over 80,000 people requested tickets. It'll be totally sold out. I don't know who's going, but it'll be totally sold out.If you're not going to be there, I'm going to miss you. But they have a line now that's many blocks long. It's amazing. We have a line, right now in Minnesota, that's many blocks long. I think I can win in Minnesota.I think Omar is helping us win in Minnesota and other places. I'll see you all -- I'll see you in Minnesota. I'll see you in Minnesota.So, the unemployment numbers just came out, and they're the best numbers we've had in over 50 years. The unemployment number is down to 3.5 percent. So that goes way, way back. We haven't had numbers like this in a long time. Wages are up by almost 3 percent. That's a fantastic increase for everybody out there working.We're very happy about those numbers. The stock market is substantially up, as it was yesterday. And our country does well. Europe is not doing well. Asia is doing poorly, to put it mildly. And we continue to do very well; we're the miracle. But the unemployment numbers just came out: 3.5 percent unemployment.And that is a tremendous number; the lowest in over 50 years. So, very happy. And, I think, really, very important -- again, I'll say: Wages are up. When I was running, wages were nowhere. They were going down. And people were having two and three jobs, and they were making less money than they made 20 years before.Now wages are up. So we're very happy about that. One other thing, having to do with Poland. So, Poland is a country; great people. We have a lot of Polish Americans living in the United States. I've just signed -- I will soon be signing -- and sign certain preliminary applications. We will be giving a full visa waiver to Poland.That means that people from Poland can easily travel there, and people from here can easily go back and forth. They can each -- people from the U.S., people from Poland, can very easily go back and forth between the United States and Poland. So, they've been trying to get this for many, many decades. And I got it for the Polish people, in honor of the Polish people in the United States and in Poland.So, we're very happy with that. Yeah.Well, I heard Adam Schiff got four Pinocchios. That's good. He should have gotten them two and a half years ago. That's a very nice question. Let me shake your hand. Come here. That's a very nice question. That's almost a surprise. I figured that was a trick question, right?Well, we'll be issuing a letter. As everybody knows, we've been treated very unfairly, very different from anybody else. If you go over not only history -- I mean, if you go over any aspect of life, you'll see how unfairly we've been treated. We've done a fantastic job. Everything, to me, is about corruption.We want to find out what happened with 2016. And, as you know, there's a lot of work going on, on that. I don't care about Biden's campaign, but I do care about corruption. His campaign -- that's up to him. Politics -- that's up to them. I don't care about politics. Politics, as I think I've made clear -- and yesterday, somebody asked me a question, and I gave an answer -- but always in the form of corruption.What I want to do -- and I think I have an obligation to do it, probably a duty to do it: corruption -- we are looking for corruption. When you look at what Biden and his son did, and when you look at other people -- what they've done. And I believe there was tremendous corruption with Biden, but I think there was beyond -- I mean, beyond corruption -- having to do with the 2016 campaign, and what these lowlifes did to so many people, to hurt so many people in the Trump campaign -- which was successful, despite all of the fighting us. I mean, despite all of the unfairness.So, we are looking at corruption. We're not looking at politics. We're looking at corruption.I don't know. Somebody said that a long time ago. Was that in 2017? I don't know. You'd have to tell me when. All I can tell you is this: When I speak to foreign leaders, I speak in an appropriate way. If you notice, they don't mention the call that I had with the President of Ukraine. They don't mention that because it was so good.The only time they mentioned it was when Adam Schiff made it up. You talk about Pinocchios -- that should get 10 Pinocchios. He made up -- he made up a story. It was a phony story. Adam Schiff. So, they don't talk about that anymore. You know, when this came out, it was "quid pro quo." Well, there was none.Also, yesterday, the Ambassador -- who I heard was tremendous and a tremendous person -- he was 100 percent for what we're saying. A hundred percent. And, if you look, he also said there was no quid pro quo. That's the whole ballgame. But now the Democrats don't bring that up anymore because they lost.Look, they never thought I was going to release the phone call between the Ukrainian President and myself. When I released that call, they were -- they were jumping around like you wouldn't believe. They didn't know how to respond. And then they found out -- and then they found out that the call itself was so bad for them.It was a perfect call. There was nothing -- we hand that call out. We've handed the call out to people, and they'd say, "Wow, this is incredible." We're very proud of that call. When I speak to a foreign leader, I speak in an appropriate manner. Now, we're also doing trade deals with China and we're doing deals with a lot of people for the country, so I'm not looking to insult people.I can tell you that. But we can probably find that out.No, it has nothing to do with it. No. No. I want to do a trade deal with China, but only if it's good for our country. And it could happen. Because you know they're very much -- they're very much coming over next week, as I understand it. So I'd like to do a great deal with China, but only if it's a great trade deal for this country.One thing has nothing to do with the other.Well, I wouldn't mind because we have no rights. They way they're doing it, they've taken away our rights. So, if they proceed -- and, you know, they'll just get their people. They're all in line. Because even though many of them don't want to vote, they have no choice. They have to follow their leadership.And then we'll get it to the Senate, and we're going to win. The Republicans have been very unified. This is the greatest witch hunt in the history of our country. So we beat the one that started immediately. We went through two years of Mueller, and that came out like a 10. It came out perfect. And a few days go by and they start this nonsense.And this is just as ridiculous. So the Democrats, unfortunately, they have the votes. They can vote very easily, even though most of them, many of them, don't believe they should do it. And I do believe -- I do believe that because of what they're doing with Pelosi and their real leaders, AOC plus 3 -- that's their real leaders -- I really believe that they're going to pay a tremendous price at the polls.And we saw the first glimpse of it two weeks ago, in a great state, North Carolina. We saw a great, great glimpse of what's going to happen. Because, in North Carolina, we had two races. One gentleman, Dan Bishop, was down by 17 points with three weeks to go, and he won easily. And the other man, as you know, Greg Murphy, was up by a very little bit and he won by a massive amount -- I don't know, someplace in the twenties.Twenty percent or something. Maybe higher. So I think you got your first glimpse of what's going to happen. And the big key is that I have to campaign there. But if you look at what happened in North Carolina -- two races -- we won both of them, and we won them easily. And one was almost tied and the other one was a big, big lead, and that one turned and the tie became a landslide.Well, I don't know about Mitch. I have a lot of respect for Mitch McConnell. I know that; I saw his statements. And he thinks that this is ridiculous. He thinks it's unfair. I saw his statement yesterday that he put out where he read my phone conversation and he thought it was a wonderful conversation. And it was.But, see, the Democrats don't talk about that anymore. They try and go to other things. These people are looking for anything they can get because they know they're going to lose the election. And we're in election season now. For them to be doing this now, it's never been done.What?So we're dealing with North Korea. They want to meet, and we'll be meeting with them. It's probably being set up as we speak, but we'll let you know. But North Korea would like to do something. Iran would like to do something. We have a lot of countries in a very good position right now, despite the witch hunt, which hurts our country and it hurts America.But Iran wants to do something. North Korea wants to do something. And China would like to do something.I don't know that. That, you'd have to ask. Is the Justice Department investigating Joe Biden?Well, that, you'd have you to ask Attorney General Barr. But I can tell you, just as an observer, what I saw Biden do with his son -- he is pillaging these countries, and he's hurting us. How would you like to have, as an example, Joe Biden negotiating the China deal if he took it over from me after the election?He would give them --Wait. He would give them everything. He would give them everything. How would you like to have that? Joe Biden would just roll out the red carpet. He would give them everything. So, again, this doesn't pertain to anything but corruption. And that has to do with me. I don't care about politics. I don't care about anything.But I do care about corruption. And to have somebody take out a billion and a half dollars out of China, who's totally unfit. He's unfit. To have him get a billion and a half dollars, to have him -- and now I'm hearing the number of $50,000 a month. Now I'm hearing the number of $50,000 a month is very low.It's a much higher number that Biden's son was getting per month. The fact is it's much higher. And for him to -- and for him, as a total -- for him, as a totally unqualified person, to be getting hundreds of thousands a month is very, very [Inaudible]. So, again, is the Justice Department investigating that?I just don't know.Well, I think they follow the leader. One thing with the Democrats -- I give them credit for it -- a lot of them don't want it; you know that, you interview them. A lot of them are in there -- they call them "Trump districts" -- where I won and then they won after when I wasn't running. But I'm going to win them big.If you look at what's happened with my polls, they're through the roof. You know why? Because of this phony witch hunt. If you look at what happened with the fundraising, we've set a record -- the Republicans -- because people are sick and tired of it. I got a call the other night from pastors -- the biggest pastors, evangelical Christians.They said, "We have never seen our religious or any religious so electrified." They are -- they say they've never seen anything like it. Churches are joining. Hundreds of thousands of people. And, you know, that's to a large extent because of you and your partner, the Democrats.Well, I think this. I think this: We have great -- we have a great relationship in the Senate. I have a 95 percent approval rating in the Republican Party. I believe the Senate -- and I haven't spoken to that many senators -- but I believe the senators look at this as a hoax. It's a witch hunt. It's a disgrace.Should have never happened. Just like Russia collusion delusion should have never happened. That was a witch hunt. And just like that, should have never happened. So I think in the Senate, I think they feel that the Republican Party has been treated very, very badly. Now, in the House, they have the majority.They all vote with AOC and plus three. Nancy Pelosi is petrified of them. I mean, she's afraid she's going to lose her position. Nancy Pelosi will lose her speakership right after the election when the Republicans take over the House.The one text message that I saw was just about the last text message. Because I don't know -- I don't even know most of these ambassadors. I didn't even know their names. But the text message ---- the text message that I saw from Ambassador Sondland -- who's highly respected -- was: There's "no quid pro quo." He said that. He said, by the way -- it almost sounded like in general -- he said, by the way, there's "no quid pro quo." And there isn't. Now, for Biden there would be. But listen to this: There is no pro quo.And that was the text message that I saw. And that nullified everything.You know, we would have to look. But I tell you, what I asked for and what I always will ask for is anything having to do with corruption with respect to our country. If a foreign country can help us with respect to corruption and corruption probes, and that -- I don't care if it's Biden or anybody else.But if they can help us -- if Biden is corrupt, if his son is corrupt. When his son takes out billions of dollars -- billions -- and he has no experience; he just got fired from the Navy -- when they do that, that's no good. So the only -- just to finish your question -- anything having to do with corruption, I actually feel I have an obligation to do that.No, I don't say anything is okay. I'll tell you what's okay.Here's what's okay: If we feel there's corruption, like I feel there was in the 2016 campaign -- there was tremendous corruption against me -- if we feel there's corruption, we have a right to go to a foreign country. And just so you know -- just so you know, I was investigated. I was investigated.Okay? Me. Me. In my campaign -- I ran, I won. I was invest- -- you won't say that, will you? I was investigated. I was investigated. And they think it could have been by UK. They think it could have been by Australia. They think it could have been by Italy. So when you get down to it, I was investigated by the Obama administration.By the Obama administration I was investigated. So when these people talk -- But as far as I'm concerned, what I want to look at and what we want to investigate: anything having to do with corruption.I view China as somebody we're trying to make a deal with; we have a very good chance of making a deal with. We've had good moments with China. We've had bad moments with China. Right now, we're in a very important stage in terms of possibly making a deal. If we make it, it will be the biggest trade deal ever made -- if we make it. But I view China as somebody that we deal with on the world stage.I would like to get along with China if we can. And if we can, that's great. If we can't, that's okay, too. But what we're doing is we're negotiating a very tough deal. If the deal is not going to be 100 percent for us, then we're not going to make it. And I will -- and I will say this. I will say this.I will say this: China very much wants to make this deal. China is getting killed. The tariffs are killing China. What's happened is they have now 3 million loss of jobs, their chains are broken up. If you look at their supply chain, which is a disaster -- companies are going to other countries, including us. China, right now, is a total disaster.No, no, no. Let me tell you: I'm only interested in corruption. I don't care about politics. I don't care about Biden's politics. I never thought Biden was going to win, to be honest. I picked somebody else a long time ago. And we'll see what happens. But I never thought Biden was going to win. But I don't care.I mean, frankly, if he won, I'd be very happy. I think he'd be an easy opponent. But I never thought Biden was going to win. I don't care about politics, but I do care about corruption. And this whole thing is about corruption. This whole thing -- this whole thing is about corruption. This is about corruption, and this is not about politics.This is about corruption. And if you look and you read our Constitution and many other things, we -- I have an obligation to look at corruption. I have an actual obligation and a duty.What?I don't know. That's up to the lawyers. I know the lawyers think they've never seen anything so unfair. They've never seen anything so unjust. I've been President now for almost three years, and I've been going through this for almost three years. It's almost become, like, a part of my day. But in the meantime, we have the best economy we've ever had.We have the best job numbers we've had in 51 years. The best unemployment numbers that we've had in a half a century. The best numbers that we've ever had -- African American, Hispanic American, Asian American, women -- everything. We have the best numbers that we've had in many, many, many decades. And you know what?People understand that. People are working. They're making money. The -- if you look at one very important number that was just announced: wages up 3 percent. That's unheard of. That's unheard of. So, it's a great thing.I didn't hear you. Go.We're investigating corruption. We're not investigating campaigns. I don't care about his campaign. As I said, I didn't think -- I didn't think and I don't think Biden is going to win. All right? I don't think. And maybe to answer your question, when you say, "Who is going to win?" -- I'd rather not make a prediction, but I do have a feeling about it. I didn't think -- because I've watched Biden over the years, and Biden is not the brightest person.I never thought he was going to win. I never felt he was going to win. If you look at his other two campaigns, he was a one-percenter. He got very few votes. He got taken off of the garbage heap by Obama. Obama took him off the garbage heap. So it's one of those things. But I never thought that Biden -- I didn't think Biden was going to win.I guess that everybody has a shot. But I don't think he would be, frankly, my toughest opponent. And just to finish off -- just to finish off, I don't think that he will win. I didn't think he was going to win, and I don't think he's going to win.That's fine. I mean, it's fine. She's a socialist and maybe worse than that. But we'll see. I heard -- I haven't seen his poll numbers. I haven't seen Biden's poll numbers. Look, Joe Biden was never going to make it. All right? He was never going to make it. He tried it twice. He's at 1 percent. There's a reason.When I announced, I went to number one, day one, and I stayed there the entire primary season. I never was off center-stage. I was never given credit for that, but that's okay. Except by Steve. The only one that gave me credit was Steve.Who?No, they were trying to set up a meeting but he wanted sanctions lifted. And I said, "You must be kidding." We had no interest. Rouhani wanted a meeting at the UN. We did talk. I didn't speak to him personally, but our sides talked. He wanted sanctions lifted or partially lifted, and I said no.We're watching Venezuela very, very closely. The people are suffering, and we are watching it very closely. We're also giving big aid to Venezuela. Now, one thing. I'm now going to Walter Reed Hospital. We're going to be giving out five Purple Hearts to unbelievably brave young people. And I'm going to meet you -- some of you are going over.I don't know. I think some of you are going over. So we could talk further over there. Although, when we're there, I would like you to respect the process. We're giving out Purple Hearts to very brave people, wounded warriors, people that have been -- I mean, they're just incredible people. And I'm going to be back here in probably two hours.Thank you. Good job.Hello, everybody. We're going to The Villages in Ocala, Florida. We have a big crowd. We're going to be talking about healthcare. We're doing a lot of work on healthcare. We're very successful at it. And so we're going to be speaking to the great people of Florida. And I think they're very happy with the job we're doing. Yeah.What?Well, if you look at the whistleblower's complaint, it's totally inaccurate because the conversation that I had was absolutely perfect. And most people that have read it say the same thing. The whistleblower never saw the -- saw the conversation. He got his information, I guess, second- or third-hand. He wrote something that was total fiction.And now, when people see that, they're not happy.Well, we're looking at a lot of different things. China is coming in next week. We're going to have a meeting with them. We'll see. But we're doing very well. Some of the numbers, I think, are being affected by all of the nonsense, all of the politics going on in this country by the Democrats. I call them the "Do-nothings." They do nothing for this country.They don't care about this country. But the numbers, really, are looking very good, going into the future. So, we'll see. I have a lot of options on China. But if they don't do what we want, we have tremendous -- tremendous power.Well, I would think that, if they were honest about it, they'd start a major investigation into the Bidens. It's a very simple answer. They should investigate the Bidens, because how does a company that's newly formed -- and all these companies, if you look at -- And, by the way, likewise, China should start an investigation into the Bidens, because what happened in China is just about as bad as what happened with -- with Ukraine.So, I would say that President Zelensky -- if it were me, I would recommend that they start an investigation into the Bidens. Because nobody has any doubt that they weren't crooked. That was a crooked deal -- 100 percent. He had no knowledge of energy; didn't know the first thing about it. All of a sudden, he is getting $50,000 a month, plus a lot of other things.Nobody has any doubt. And they got rid of a prosecutor who was a very tough prosecutor. They got rid of him. Now they're trying to make it the opposite way. But they got rid -- So, if I were the President, I would certainly recommend that of Ukraine.I haven't, but it's certainly something we can start thinking about. Because I'm sure that President Xi does not like being under that kind of scrutiny, where billions of dollars is taken out his country by a guy that just got kicked out of the Navy. He got kicked out of the Navy; all of a sudden, he's getting billions of dollars.You know what they call that? They call that a "payoff."Well, I leave that to the lawyers. I can say, though, that Schiff has now been proven to be a liar. We've known it for three years, because they've been trying to impeach for three years. He's a li- -- he's a stone-cold liar. So I leave that to the lawyers. That's up to them to decide. But the whole investigation is crumbling.Yeah.I can. Yeah, I can.You got -- I --Well, we have a real problem. We've been hitting the Taliban very, very hard. And, as far as I'm concerned, they still haven't recovered from killing 12 people -- one of -- happened to be a great American solider from Puerto Rico. They still have not recovered, and they probably never will.No, but I read Mitch McConnell's statement yesterday, and he read my phone call. And, as you know, he put out a statement that said that was the most innocent phone call he's read. And I spoke to him about it, too. He read my phone call with the President of Ukraine. Mitch McConnell -- he said, "That was the most innocent phone call that I've read." I mean, give me a break.Anybody that reads it says the same thing. And the only people that don't understand it is when they look at the false, fabricated, fraudulent statement made by Shifty Schiff.Well, I think Biden is going down. And I think his whole situation -- because now you may very well find that there are many other countries that they scammed, just like they scammed China and Ukraine. And basically, who are they really scamming? The USA. And it's not good.And that's probably why China, for so many years, has had a sweetheart deal where China rips off the USA -- because they deal like people with Biden, where they give their son a billion and a half dollars. And that's probably why China has such a sweetheart deal that, for so many years, they've been ripping off our country.We're looking at it. We're looking at very closely. It's under study.We'll see. They want to talk, and we'll be talking to them soon. We'll see. So I'm going to -- yes?I heard very bad things about her. And I don't know if I recalled her or somebody recalled her, but I heard very, very bad things about her for a long period of time. Not good. Thank you. I'll see you in Florida. I'll see you all in Florida.So we had a great meeting yesterday, as you know, with the Prime Minister. And I think that, as far as Pakistan is concerned, India -- they're talking. I'm certainly willing to help. I think they would, in a certain way, like my help. But they have to both want it. They have very different views, and I'm concerned about it. On Iran, I think we're doing very well.Let's see what happens with Iran. But we are -- we're in a very strong position on Iran. And I think they'd like to do something, and I think it would be a smart thing for them if they did.So, here's the story, very simply: We're watching Venezuela very closely. As far as withholding funds, those funds were paid. They were fully paid. But my complaint has always been -- and I'd withhold again, and I'll continue to withhold until such time as Europe and other nations contribute to Ukraine.Because they're not doing it. Just the United States. We're putting up the bulk of the money. And I'm asking why is that. And I want Europe -- and it's always been this, and everybody know it. Every single reporter knows it. Everybody in the administration knows that what I want, and I insist on it, is that Europe has to put up money for Ukraine also.Why is it only the United States putting up the money? And I -- and, by the way, we paid that money. But I always ask: Why aren't other countries -- in Europe, especially -- putting up money for Ukraine? Go ahead. Go ahead.I think it's ridiculous. It's a witch hunt. I'm leading in the polls. They have no idea how they stop me. The only way they can try is through impeachment. This has never happened to a President before. There's never been a thing like this before. It's nonsense. And when you see the call, when you see the readout of the call -- which I assume you'll see at some point -- you'll understand.That call was perfect. It couldn't have been nicer. And even the Ukrainian government put out a statement that that was a perfect call. There was no pressure put on them whatsoever. But there was pressure put on with respect to Joe Biden. What Joe Biden did for his son, that's something they should be looking at. Go ahead.You.Because very important -- very important: I want other countries to put up money. I think it's unfair that we put up the money. Then people called me, they said, "Oh, let it go." And I let it go. But we paid the money. The money was paid. But very importantly: Germany, France, other countries should put up money.And that's been my complaint from the beginning.Well, we're going to see what happens. But I think Iran is coming along well. Regardless of what happens, we're in very good shape with respect to Iran. Okay? Thank you, everybody.Thank you very much. Thank you very much.Say it?We'll see what happens. We have a long way to go. We'll see what happens. We're doing just fine. We're doing very well with the economy. Some numbers came out that are fantastic. Our economy now is better than anybody's in the world, and it has been for the last two years. But we're doing very well, and as far as the meeting is concerned we'll see what happens.[Inaudible] I would like to see that.We'll get to that later -- you'll invite me, that would be very nice.What?I don't know what you're saying.Not at all, seriously. We had a perfect phone call with the President of Ukraine. Everybody knows it. It's just a Democrat witch hunt. Here we go again. They failed with Russia. They failed with recession. They failed with everything, and now they're bringing this up. The one who's got the problem is Biden, because you look at what Biden did.Biden did what they would like to have me do, except that one problem: I didn't do it. What Biden did is a disgrace. What his son did is a disgrace. The son took money from Ukraine. The son took money from China. A lot of money from China. China would love to see -- he would -- they could think of nothing they'd rather see than Biden get in, because they will take this great deal that we're about to make, and they would really have themselves a deal [Crosstalk]. Let me just tell you.Let me just tell you. What Biden did was wrong.Well you're going to see, because what we are doing is we want honesty, and if we deal with a country, we want honesty, and I think with the new President, you're going to see much more honesty in the Ukraine. And that's what we're looking for. We're supporting a country. We want to make sure that country is honest.It's very important to talk about corruption. If you don't talk about corruption, why would you give money to a country that you think is -- is corrupt. One of the reasons the new President got elected is he was going to stop corruption. So it's very important that on occasion you speak to somebody about corruption.Very important.Quiet. Go ahead.Could happen soon. Could happen soon. It could happen soon. Thank you everybody.Good morning. We have a busy day planned. We're leaving now for Ellington Air Force Base in Texas. We're going to spend some time on the floods. We're going to be briefed on the flood. We're going to make a big investment so we can try and help Texas with this terrible flooding that they've been having.So we'll be talking to a lot of people and meeting a lot of people. That's going to be at Ellington Air Force Base. Then we're going to Houston. Some of you are coming with me, I guess. And we'll be going to Houston, and we'll be at a very nice, big stadium packed full of people with Prime Minister Modi of India.He asked if I'd go with him, and I've accepted. And we're going to have a good time with Prime Minister Modi. We have -- I hear it's a tremendous crowd. So that will be in Houston. And then after that, I'm going to Ohio. Pratt Industries is opening a $1 billion plant. And I told Mr. Pratt, who is a great -- Anthony -- I told him if he does something really spectacular, I'll go and cut the ribbon.And he did; he invested a billion dollars in Ohio. So that's Pratt Industries. They're great people. It's a great company, headed by a very great businessman from Australia. So they're bringing a billion dollars into Ohio, and I said I'd go and cut the ribbon, and here it is. We're ready to cut a ribbon.It's a great plant. So we look forward to that. Then we're coming home and then we have a lot of work at the United Nations during the next week.Nothing is ever off the table completely, but I have no intention of meeting with Iran. And that doesn't mean it doesn't happen. I'm a very flexible person. But we have no intention -- it's not set up. We're meeting with a lot of leaders. We have about 15 meetings set up, but Iran is not one of them.We had a great conversation. The conversation I had was largely congratulatory. It was largely corruption -- all of the corruption taking place. It was largely the fact that we don't want our people, like Vice President Biden and his son, creating to the corruption already in the Ukraine. And Ukraine -- Ukraine has got a lot of problems.He -- the new President is saying that he's going to be able to rid the country of corruption. And I said that would be a great thing. We had a great conversation. We had a conversation on many things. In fact, I believe Ukraine put out a statement yesterday saying that we covered many different topics.It was a warm and friendly conversation. We backed -- I backed Ukraine from the beginning. But I'm very upset that other countries aren't doing the same. Germany should be spending much more. France, all of the European Union should be spending money. Why are we spending money and they're not? Or least they're spending very little by comparison.So I'm not happy about that.Oh, I would have no problem with it. Rudy is a very straight shooter. And Rudy wants to see the same thing as a lot of other people with respect to your Ukraine. Ukraine has had a tremendous corruption problem. Somehow they were involved in a lot of different things that took place in our country, and hopefully it can be straightened out.And I will say, the new President -- we had a very good talk. The new President got elected based on the fact that he would end corruption. That was probably his number-one thing.Well, this whistleblower -- or whoever it was -- because it sounds like it's not a whistleblower. You can't have that happen to a President of the United States. The conversation, by the way, was absolutely perfect. It was a beautiful, warm, nice conversation, and it was put out last night, also, by Ukraine.But you can't have people doing this. And you can't have people doing false alarms like this. And, you know, when the President speaks to the head of another country, he has to be able to speak to those people. And those people don't want to know that that they're being recorded or that you have a stenographer working.You don't want to have to hear that. You can't do that to a President and you can't do that to other countries. But with all of that being said, we had a very great conversation -- very straight, very honest conversation. I hope they can put it out.Well, I don't say anything, but whenever I speak to a foreign leader, I assume there are many people on the line. I don't assume I'm talking to the leader. Any time I'm on the phone with a foreign leader, many, many people are on the line. Sometimes they're taping calls. Sometimes they're doing a stenographer.But I also assume many people are on the line from the other side. So if I'm speaking to a country, they also have people on the line. So who would say a thing like what you're saying? Now, I will say this: I said absolutely nothing wrong. It was perfect.Listen to me. Listen.Listen to me.Listen to me.Listen to me. I assume many people are on the line. I know that before I make the call. And that's what you have -- intelligence agencies, everybody listening. That call was a great call. It was a perfect call. A perfect call. What wasn't perfect is the horrible thing that Joe Biden said. And now he made it a lie when he said he never spoke to his son.I mean, give me a break, he's already said he spoke to his son. And now he said, yesterday, very firmly. Who wouldn't speak to your son? Of course, you spoke to your son. So, he made the mistake of saying he never spoke to his son. He spoke to his son. But more importantly, what he said about the billions of dollars that he wouldn't give them unless they fired the prosecutor.And then he bragged about how they fired the prosecutor and they got the money.No, it's not a snub at all. I'm very busy. I'm going on the floods today. The floods are very important to me. And climate change -- everything is very important. But today I'm going to Texas on the floods. Then I'm going to Houston on the big rally. It's a rally for Prime Minister Modi, and he asked me to do it -- of India -- and I look forward to doing it.Well, not only in Ukraine; take a look at China. They took a tremendous amount of money out of China. Now, if they ever took over a China negotiation, he would sell us out. Look at all the money he made in China. The son, he knew nothing. The son is a stiff. He knew nothing, and he's making hundreds of thousands and millions of dollars.And he did the same thing in Ukraine. He knows nothing. This is a very dishonest thing that Joe Biden did. And then he said he never spoke to this son. Does anybody believe that one? But then he also said, long before, that that he did speak to his son. So he lied, again. But what he said is that he wouldn't give I think it was billions of dollars to Ukraine unless they fired the prosecutor who was looking at his son and his son's company -- the company that his son worked with.And that's a very dishonest thing. And I'm not looking to hurt Biden. I'm not even looing to hold him to it, to be honest. But he said a very bad thing. He said a very foolish thing. Now, me, on the other hand, my conversation with the President -- the new President of Ukraine was perfect. They put out a statement last night.They said the same thing. It was a warm, friendly conversation. There was no quid pro quo. There was nothing. It was a perfect conversation.Go ahead.Because I want Germany and I want France and I want the European Union to put up money. And I didn't delay anything. We paid the military aid, to the best of my knowledge.Listen to me. I gave so much more to Ukraine than Obama did. Go back and check your record.And you know what you should do? Also ask --We're looking at it right now. We're studying it very hard. It's an issue that, frankly, Congress is wasting all their time on nonsense. We're studying it very hard. If Congress would ever get back to work, we could work something. But Congress is doing all of this nonsense, this garbage that they're doing.And I'll tell you what -- they don't have any time. The Democrats in Congress are doing nothing. I'll tell you what: They're going to lose the election. You know why? Because they're not doing anything.Well, we're working very hard with some Democrats. The problem I have is that Jerry Nadler and all these people -- they keep wasting time in Congress over nothing. They're studying nothing. The Mueller report was perfect. Corey Lewandowski was magnificent. Everybody is perfect. They're wasting time.They couldn't accept the Mueller report. They couldn't accept that defeat. They can't now accept the fact that we have the best economy we've ever had, and we may be hitting another all-time high in the stock market.We're looking at a lot of different things. They problem we find is the Democrats have very little time to talk because they're wasting their time. You take a look at what they're doing. It's a total waste of time, and they know it. They know it.Say it.Well, we're working with Joe Manchin, the senator, and we're working with Pat Toomey. And we have a lot of people working on this. And we'll be seeing, I'd say, over a period of time. The problem that I have is the Democrats in the House especially, they're totally unavailable to talk because they have hearings all day over something that's already been won by us. They made up a story.It was a false story. It was a hoax. And, frankly, we have to get to the bottom of how it started. But they're wasting all of their time on a hoax.Well, he's got a job. And I could do things if I wanted. But I don't want to do that. We're so strong, despite Jay Powell. But Jay Powell is not helping us. Other countries have lower interest rates. We're the primest of them all. But he has the rate -- Look, it's very simple. He lifted the rates far too quickly, and he lowered them far too slowly.And it's a shame. And it's a shame.Not too many. Not too many boneheads. We have a great -- I'll tell you what, we really now have a great administration. But what we have is a great Cabinet. Our Cabinet has done a great job.Go ahead.No, he is a great gentleman -- Joe. He's doing a fantastic job. And I know one thing: He's only going to do what's right. But he is doing a fantastic job. And he's only going to do what's right. But just so you understand, the conversation I had with the President of Ukraine was absolutely perfect.And people better find out who these people are that are trying to subvert our country, because here we go again. These are bad people. But the conversation I had with the President of Ukraine was absolutely a 10. It was perfect. Now, what you have to do is look at the corruption on the Democrat side. Take a look at how the whole witch hunt started.Now they want to try and start another witch hunt. But unfortunately this one is reverting now to Joe Biden, because he's done some very bad things. And I'm not even looking to hurt him, to be honest. He needs all the help he can get. I'm not looking to hurt him. I'm not looking to hurt his family.But the corruption and what he said is a terrible thing. Thank you.Well, thank you very much. Please. We had a spectacular morning and it's an honor being with the Prime Minister and Mrs. Morrison. Thank you very much. Australia is a fantastic country and a brilliant ally. We just spent a lot of time together with our representatives, and they get along very well and we're doing a lot of deals.And we talked military. We talked trade. We talked about everything you can talk about. And we came to the same conclusion, I think, in every case. But I just want to say it's an honor having both of you here. Thank you very much. You have a truly great country and I don't think we've ever had a better relationship than we have right now.And tonight we're going to have something very special in the Rose Garden. And based on all of that money we spend on all of that weather-predicting equipment, they're saying, "No chance of rain." [Laughter] Let's see if that's right. If it is, we'll run right back into this room. [Laughter] But we're going to have a fantastic evening.And, First Lady, thank you very much. You worked very hard on this. So it's not going to rain. It's going to be a beautiful evening. And great job. Really great job, honey. Thank you. Please, Scott. [Applause]Well, thank you very much, Scott. It's a great honor. Go ahead. Please.No.We're looking for a complete deal. I'm not looking for a partial deal. China has been starting to buy our agricultural product. If you noticed over the last week -- and actually, some very big purchases. But that's not what I'm looking for; we're looking for the big deal. We've taken it to this level.We're taking in billions and billions of dollars of tariffs. China has devalued their currency and they're putting out a lot of money into their curren- -- into their -- into their economy. And they have a very bad economy right now and I don't want them to have a bad economy. But it's the worst in, they say, 57 years.Two weeks ago, it was the worst in 22 years. Now it's 57 years, and it's only going to get worse. Their supply chain is being broken up very badly. And companies are leaving because they can't pay the 25 -- soon to go to 30 -- percent tariff. And we have 30 percent very shortly on $250 billion. We have another tariff at a slightly smaller number, as you know, on other -- on about 300 billion dollars' worth of goods and products.So they would like to do something. As you know, we're talking a little bit this week, talking a lot next week. And then top people are going to be speaking the week following. But I'm not looking for a partial deal; I'm looking for a complete deal.No. I don't think I need it before the election. I think people know that we're doing a great job. I've rebuilt the military. We've -- Scott and I were talking about that. We spent one and half trillion dollars. When I came in, our million was depleted. Frankly, we didn't have ammunition, okay?But our military was in very bad shape. We've rebuilt the military. We've got one of the strongest economies. Mike Pence, actually, got some -- who is right here. Our great Vice President. He was talking yesterday and he called me. He says, "Boy, these numbers -- these consumer numbers are incredible." The retail numbers that came out two days ago, that really weren't reported, were really -- I mean, just incredible numbers.You know that very well. That's your world. And some other numbers. We're doing very well. Our economy is very strong. And China is being affected very badly. We're not -- we're not being affected. In fact, we're taking in many billions of dollars. And China is eating that. You know, China is eating the tariffs because of the devaluation.Now that doesn't happen with all countries. China is China, and they know what they're doing as well as anybody. My relationship with President Xi is a very amazing one -- very good one. But we have, right now, a little spat. But I think we're doing very well. Our country is doing well. You look at so many different things.Look at all of the regulation cutting that allows us to do what we did. Look at what happened three days ago -- where you have an attack like that and it takes out a big chunk of oil, and the prices go up $4, $5, and now it's heading down rapidly. That tells you -- that would have happened years ago, it would have gone up $50. It would've doubled.And this was a blip. So it's been really amazing what we've been able to do. I think the voters understand that. I don't think it has any impact on the election. Now, if something happened, I think that would probably be a positive for the election, but that's okay. I do think signing USMCA on a bipartisan basis with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer and everybody else -- very bipartisan -- I think that's very important for our country.And I would certainly be willing to say that's a bipartisan deal. But I think that's very important for our manufacturers, for our farmers. Even for unions, they want that deal done. And so hopefully that's going to be put up to a vote very soon. There'll be very little cajoling of the Democrats because most Democrats want it too.But the USMCA is ready to be voted on. It's finished. Mexico has taken their final votes. Canada is willing to do that any time we want them too. They're all set to go. And we need that for all of the -- we need that for our country. It's a great deal. It's a great deal. Thank you.And we could do, Scott, a very big deal with China and it could go very quickly, as you know. But it wouldn't be the appropriate deal. We have to do it right. And that's a very complicated deal, with intellectual property protection. We have to do that and other things. I could leave lots out and have a deal very quickly, but we want to do it right.Please.I assume Andrew is a nice person? [Laughter] That's why you chose him?Well, first of all, you know, I look at numbers. I love numbers. And the numbers of Australia are doing incredibly well. You're doing unbelievably well. When we have a deal with China -- or not -- but when we have a deal with China -- because they want to make it perhaps more than I want to make it. Because I actually love all the billions of dollars that's pouring into our Treasury.Billions and billions of dollars. We've never seen that before from China. It's always been the other way. But when -- and I'm taking care of our farmers out of that. We're helping our farmers. Our farmers were targeted, and they were targeted for $16 billion. And I made that up to them. We paid them the $16 billion and had tens of billions of dollars left over.So, I will say, though, that Australia is doing very well. If we do end up doing a deal, Australia will do even better. And we were discussing that. But Australia will be one of the big beneficiaries of a deal. And, in the meantime, as you know, I did tariff relief, with respect to a certain product in particular coming out of Australia.And that's something that we wouldn't do for anybody else. This has been a truly great ally and we work very well together. But your numbers are absolutely fantastic. Your economy is strong like ours. And I think we're two real examples of two countries doing extremely well. Some countries aren't doing so well.Europe is not doing well. Asia is not doing -- large parts of Asia are not doing well. China is not doing well. Please.And Australia has really been so focused on the economy. They do minerals. They have incredible wealth in minerals and coal and other things. And they are really at the leading edge of coal technology. It's clean coal. We call it "clean coal," but it's also great for the workers. And things that would happen to -- because it was very dangerous years ago, and very bad for a lot of people.And you've rectified that 100 percent. It's incredible. I looked at your statistics the other day and coal miners are very, very safe in Australia. It's incredible what you've done. In fact, we're looking at what you've done. But so --So I want to -- I want to congrat- -- we'll do a deal. We'll make a deal. Yeah. Go ahead. Please.Yes.Well, these are the strongest sanctions ever put on a country. We are at a level of sanction that is far greater than ever before with respect to Iran. Today, we did Central Bank, as you know. And we'll see. We'll see. They're having a lot of problems, not only with us; they're having problems within their own country.And I think they have a lot of self-made problems. We are, by far, the strongest military in the world. Going into Iran would be a very easy decision. As I said before, it'd be very easy. The easiest thing. Most people thought I would go in within two seconds, but plenty of time. Plenty of time. In the meantime, they have a lot of problems within Iran.Iran could be a great country, could be a rich country. But they are choosing to go a different way. There'll be a point at which they'll be very sorry for that choice. But I think I'm showing great restraint. A lot of people respect it; some people don't. Some people say, "Oh, you should go in immediately." And other people are so thrilled at what I'm doing.And I don't do it for anybody; I do it for what's good for the United States, what's good for our allies. And it's working out really, very well. As far as Robert is concerned, he's -- Robert, maybe you could stand up? Robert O'Brien is done a fantastic job for us with hostage negotiations. I think we can say that there has never been anybody that has done better than you and I as a combination.We've brought many people home, and we brought them home quickly. Speed is a very important thing, I find, with hostages. It's -- it's really something. I had dinner the other night with the Warmbier family, an incredible family -- the whole family and some of Otto's friends, in addition to the family. We had 25 people over on Saturday night.And we did that dinner in Otto -- really, in Otto's honor. And it was a beautiful thing. It was a beautiful thing. The First Lady and I, it was very -- you know, it was very touching and really very beautiful. We talked about Otto. And I will tell you that people should have moved faster. And Robert and I were talking about that.Should have moved faster. He was there for a long time. You got to move fast. With hostages, you have to move fast. All of a sudden, it gets very hard for the other side to do anything. And sometimes, it's just too late. In the case of Otto, it was very late. We got him home, but he was in horrible, horrible condition.What happened to him was actually incredible and just horrible. But you have to move fast. Robert and I have been really successful. And the reason I know him so well -- I actually work hard on hostages, I think he would say. I think most Presidents wouldn't do that, but I do. These a great -- I guess, in almost all cases -- American lives.And we help other people, also. We've also helped other countries with their hostage situation, where we have some strength that they don't. But these are great people. And we get them home. We got them home from North Korea, as you know. And we got them home from a lot of different locations. Egypt -- we got them home.We got them home from many different locations. Turkey. President Erdoğan was very good. And we got a hostage home. Our great pastor, who everyone in this room knows and loves. But we've had tremendous success. And what's surprised me, I didn't know too many people knew Robert. And when it came time to pick somebody for the position -- it's a very critical time -- I had so many people -- I shouldn't say this in front of Robert, he'll be embarrassed, but I had so many people that called me and they recommended Robert O'Brien.So I think he's going to do a great job. And he was here -- I can tell you this -- he started about 12 minutes after he was chosen. He sat in with us. And he's very much involved now on what we're doing.Well, I don't want to talk about that, but I will say I think the sanctions work. And the military would work, but that's a very severe form of winning. But we win. Nobody can beat us, militarily. Nobody can even come close. What we've done for our military in the last three years is incredible. All made in the USA, by the way.And it's really incredible. Our nuclear was getting very tired. They hadn't spent the money on it. And now we have it have it in, as we would say, "tippy-top shape." Tippy-top. It's -- we have new and we have renovated and it's -- it's incredible. And we all should pray that we never have to use it. We should never have to use it. And our military itself is in phenomenal shape.And we have a great gentleman, as you know, going to be taking over Joint Chiefs of Staff. Joe Dunford has been fantastic. He's a great, great man and a friend of mine. But General Milley is going to be taking over. And it's going to be -- we're going to have a little bit of a celebration, both for Joe and for Mark -- for everybody.And, you know -- as you know, our Secretary of Defense has just come in, Mark Esper. And he's been here for a short period of time, but he's got tremendous energy. He's got it. He knows -- he's knows it. That's what he's been doing for a long period of time -- from the day he graduated, or maybe I should say from the day he started at West Point, where he was a top, top scholar, et cetera.So, we have a -- we have incredible people. And Steve Mnuchin is here. We did the sanctions today and I think they're probably, Steve, the strongest that have ever been put on a country. We will certainly never do that to Australia, I promise you. [Laughter]And one of the things -- important, I think -- is during our meeting, we discussed, I said, "What percentage of our -- of your military do you buy from us?" And it's -- the answer was, "We work it together" ---- "or it's about 100 percent."It's close to 100 percent. And we make the best equipment. He understands that. But it's a real relationship. They buy 100 percent of their military -- and it's a massive purchase. And it's gotten bigger. I guess, you said the biggest purchase since World War Two.So we didn't --Yeah.Hold it one second. You'll get a second crack. You'll get a -- you'll get a shot at your Prime Minister. [Laughter] I'm sure you're looking forward to it. We didn't discuss too much Iran. We discussed more trade, more China. We discussed Afghanistan, where Australia is helping us. And we're slowing reducing in Afghanistan, as people know.We've been very effective in Afghanistan. And if we wanted to do a certain method of war, we would win that very quickly. But many, many -- really, tens of millions of people would be killed. And we think it's unnecessary. But they've been -- Australia has been a great help to us in Afghanistan. But we're reducing in Afghanistan.We're reducing in Syria, where we had -- you know, we've taken over 100 percent of the caliphate. We have 100 percent. When I came in, it was smaller, but it was a mess. It was all over. And now it's -- it's in a position. And I won't repeat what I said before, with the prisoners, but we have thousands of ISIS fighters from our work in capturing 100 percent of the caliphate.And we're asking the countries from where they came -- whether it's Germany, or France, or other countries -- to take those people back, put them on trial, do what they have to do with them. But the United States will not keep thousands and thousands of people for the next possibly 50 years of whatever it may be. It's going to be up to those countries.We did them a big favor. We went in. We took them down. The ISIS fighters, in the end, weren't very good fighters against the United States. But we have thousands of them and we want them to be taken over by Germany, France, and all of those countries from where they came. Okay.Well, thank you very much. And, Jennifer, thank you very much. Your First Lady, thank you. And I hope you're going to be able to see tonight -- to the media -- because really it's going to be a beautiful evening in honor of Australia and the Morrisons. Thank you very much.Thank you. Thank you. [Applause]Thank you very much. We're with Robert O'Brien, who, as you know, is the new National Security Advisor. He's worked with me for quite a while now on hostages, and we've had a tremendous track record with respect to hostages. Robert can tell you about it. But we brought a lot of people back home and we haven't spent any money.So, that's good, because you can't do the money thing. If you do the money thing, all of a sudden it will double and triple and quadruple. You'll say, "What's going on?" So, Robert has been fantastic. We know each other well. And maybe, Robert, say a few words. Please. AMBASSADOR O'BRIEN: Great.Thank you. Look, it's a privilege to serve with the President and to -- and we look forward to another year and a half of peace through strength. We've had tremendous foreign policy successes under President Trump's leadership. I expect those to continue. We've got a number of challenges, but there's a great team in place with Secretary Pompeo and Secretary Esper, Secretary Mnuchin, and others.And I look forward to working with them and working with the President to keep America safe and continue to rebuild our military and really get us back to a peace-through-strength posture that will keep the American people safe from the many challenges around the world today.Yeah, I have nothing to report yet. We'll probably be speaking to you tomorrow, maybe the next day. But nothing to report. But it hasn't changed very much. I think my thinking pretty much remains the same. And we haven't learned much that we didn't know. But there is -- there is a certain -- a guarantee factor.We're really at a point now where we know very much what happened. Yes.We'll see what happens. We'll see. You'll watch. Peter.Excuse me?I really don't know. I really don't know. That's up to him. I mean, I'm -- it's not up to me. It's up to him. We'll see what happens.Well, we're going to see what happens. I would let them come. If it was up to me, I would let them come. I've always felt the United Nations is very important. I think it's got tremendous potential. I don't think it's ever lived up to the potential it has, but I would certainly not want to keep people out if they want to come.So, that would be up to them.No, I actually think it's a sign of strength. We have the strongest military in the world now. And I think it's a great sign of strength. It's very easy to attack. But if you ask Lindsey, ask him: How did going into the Middle East -- how did that work out? And how did going in Iraq work out? So, we have a disagreement on that.And, you know, there's plenty of time to do some dastardly things. It's very easy to start. And we'll see what happens. We'll see what happens. I think we have a lot of good capital. If we have to do something, we'll do it without hesitation.He just came out with a statement. He spoke to me a little while ago. And we'll have an announcement. Okay?It's very interesting. Mr. O'Brien is highly respected. He was highly respected by so many people that I didn't even know really knew him. He did a tremendous job on hostage negotiation -- really tremendous, like unparalleled. We've had tremendous success in that regard. Brought home many people.And through hostage negotiation, I got to know him very well myself. But also, a lot of people that I respect rated him as their absolute, number-one choice. So, you know, I think we have a very good chemistry together, and I think we're going to have a great relationship. He is a very talented man.I did.We'll be adding some very significant sanctions onto Iran.We'll be announcing it over the next 48 hours.We'll see what happens.Well, there are many options, as you know, Phil. There are many options. And there's the ultimate option, and there are options that are a lot less than that. And we'll see. We're in a very powerful position. Right now, we're in a very, very powerful position.No, I'm saying "the ultimate option," meaning go in -- war. No, I'm not talking about -- I'm not talking about that ultimate option. No.Right?I think it's a very important role. It's really a role that, if the President respects the person that's the advisor, I think it really plays a very, very important role. Okay? Thank you. Peter, thank you.We're going to the border later. Are you all with me?We're going to show you a lot of wall. We're building a lot of wall. We won the big case and a couple of other cases, as you know. We're building a lot of wall. So, we'll be talking. We'll be talking to you later on. Okay?I have not. Those results are coming in, and it's very close. Do you have any updates? Any updates? Because you people usually should know before the President, right?No, I'm not. No, I'm not. Everybody knew it was going to be very close, and we'll see what happens. And, look, our relationship is with Israel. We'll see what happens. Thank you. Thank you everybody.[In progress] Big, big section, many sides. Honestly, too big for one contract. Far too big. And it's going up. I'm glad you got to see it.No. I mean, I've seen it. I mean, I saw it -- tiny sections of it -- when we were devising it. This was -- you know, this is a lot -- a lot of work coming out. We have two concepts. We have that concept and we have a point at the top -- it's a little complicated; nobody cares -- but without the structural beam because they structural beam is in a different location.Both have advantages. This is probably the strongest [Inaudible]. You don't get much stronger than that. [Inaudible]No, but that's what the Democrats are putting up around their convention. They're building a big wall. We're doing it, too. [Inaudible] They're building a big wall around their convention, which they should do.Just my name. They just said, "Sir, could you sign?" The Border Patrol said, "Could you sign your name?" And I did. I autographed one of the bollards. There are a lot of bollards. That's a lot of bollards. So, that's pretty good. So, I -- and I think it's moving along really well.No, I'm happy with Kevin. I think Kevin -- are you talking about -- which one? Oh, FEMA?We're happy with the job they're doing. We looked at a lot of different things. We think he would have been very good. But we're also very happy with the man who's acting, who has been acting. You're talking -- you said "FEMA"? Because I didn't hear you.Yeah, we're very happy -- yeah, we're very happy with what's been going in FEMA. They did a fantastic job. Puerto Rico is 100 percent ready and every place was ready. We're not involved in the Bahamas. But after the fact, we've really been a big help to the Bahamas, as you probably have heard. No, FEMA is running very well.We're very happy [Inaudible]. Yeah.No, no. We're looking at many different things. That was a news conference that was given. And we're throwing out many different ideas to Republicans and Democrats -- see where they all come out. And that was a document that you were talking -- I haven't seen that document. But we're throwing a lot of ideas out, but we're always going to be watching extremely closely the Second Amendment.That was put out by, I think -- wasn't that Bill Barr, the Attorney General?We got Bill Barr involved. He's a very -- he's an expert on guns and gun control. And about a week ago, we asked Bill to get involved. And those are ideas that we're talking to Republicans, Democrats, everybody about. Some -- some they like, some they don't like. Just a series of concepts and ideas.Yeah.Well, it depends on whether or not the goalposts are moved. I mean, I think we'll come to some kind of a conclusion -- you know, conclusion. We will come to a conclusion, I believe, with the Democrats. The question is whether or not, if we do, they'll say, "Well, we can't do it. We're going to move the goalposts a little bit."It's not an easy -- I think they do want. I think there are certain Democrats that really want to do it. And I would like to do it, and Republicans would like to do it. We have to get something that we all agree on. And, you know, I've been very strong from the day you first met me on the Second Amendment.We're going to be watching that very closely. So, we have a whole series of ideas and concepts that we're going to be talking about. And some are liked, and some aren't liked. In that report, there are some ideas that were liked and some ideas that weren't liked at all, actually.He's here.We met last night. We met last night. I've been talking -- he was highly recommended by many people. Many, many people. Many senators recommended him. And some Democrats recommended him, actually.We sat down. Well, specifically, I -- you know, without going into detail, but I actually sat down with him, also, before this trip. We had a very successful fundraiser. We raised a lot of money. A lot of people showed up. But we could have had many more show up had we had the room. We went to some very large and beautiful houses, and we had some beautiful fundraisers.The one thing that everybody was consistent on is we could have quadrupled the attendance if we wanted to. They were big, but they could of had many more, if they had the physical room.We'll do whatever the process is. I told them about it today, and, as you know, we did -- we had a pretty full day. A pretty full three days, actually.Well, he is right now. I said, "Start as soon as you can. Start now." I said, "If you can start now…" I would imagine there is a concept of swearing in. He doesn't have to be approved, as you know, through the normal -- the normal confirmation process.If he can. We're going to look at the exact approval process. Now, you have to understand, he's already at a high level and he's already passed Senate confirmation, et cetera, et cetera, on other things. And he's highly thought of, and many senators really liked him a lot. He's got a good way.No, it was really a coincidence, to be honest. It was a coincidence. We've been talking -- not talking about it, we've been perfecting it for a long period of time. And it might end up in the courts -- probably will. But you'll be able to produce a car -- I wish you were there today, because I gave a whole talk on it. We'll be able to produce an automobile for substantially less money, which is substantially safer, which will also be extremely good for the environment.In addition, you'll have a lot of cars come off the market that are 10, 12, 15 years old that are very bad for the environment and that, you know, chug a lot of fuel, because those people driving those cars don't want to switch to one of the cars that they're producing right now. Number one, they're too expensive.Number two, they're not nearly as safe. They're lighter, much thinner, much more flimsy. And we're able to produce a sturdier car, which is safer, and we're -- we're able to do something that will cost substantially less money for the consumer.Yeah.No, but I have asked him --I have asked him. We'll start with those two cities. And we're looking at San Francisco. We're looking at Los Angeles. And we're looking at all of the things that are happening. The -- you know, there's tremendous pollution being put into the ocean, because they're going through a storm -- what's called a "storm sewer." That's for rainwater.And we have tremendous things that we don't have to discuss pouring into the ocean. You know, there are needles. There are other things. A lot of bad -- a lot of -- a lot of -- it's a terrible situation. That's in Los Angeles and in San Francisco. And we're going to be giving San Francisco -- they're in total violation --- we're going to be giving them the notice very soon.We're putting out a notice on San Francisco.Well, you're going to see in -- over the next -- I would say, less than a week. EPA is going to be putting out a notice. And, you know, they're in serious violation. And this is environmental -- very environmental. And they have to clean it up. We can't have our cities going to hell. These are great cities.And we can't have -- we can't lose our great cities like this.Into his ethics?Oh, into his Netflix? Well, it was a very substantial deal. I mean, if you were -- if he was Cecil B. DeMille, he would have gotten -- I mean, Cecil B. DeMille should be, if he ever came back from the dead, one of the greats of all time. He would have loved to have made that deal. Plus, the book was the highest book ever sold, and there were many other things that he did.So I think somebody should -- if they're going to be looking at me over nonsense, they should certainly be looking at that also.I don't know, but I've had a lot of bestsellers. I've written many bestsellers, that I can tell you.Well, I think it has to be limited by the public. You know, I met with a man the other day who was 85 years old -- the sharpest guy you'll ever meet. I've dealt with people that were 92, 93, 94, and they were totally sharp. I don't -- you know, I don't -- I can't speak for Biden. I can't speak -- I know nothing about it. But he's given some very strange answers, that I can tell you.No, I know that. No, Jimmy Carter said it, but he was referring to Biden. And he said that he was -- because Biden's having a hard time; there's no question about it. But I'm not speaking for Biden. Jimmy Carter made the statement, as I understand it, referring to Biden. But I'm just telling you, I met with somebody three days ago -- 85 years old and sharp as there is in existence.You know, I'm sure you people have also. But not everybody is going to be that way.Well, we have a big situation where we've defeated ISIS's caliphate. We have thousands of ISIS fighters, and we want those fighters to be taken -- I don't know if you've been really talking about this. I think it's a big thing, Peter. We have thousands of ISIS fighters that we've taken in Syria.We've defeated -- we have 100 percent of the caliphate. We're holding -- in various forms of prison, we're holding thousands of people. Many come from Germany. Many come from France. Many come from Poland. You know, really, most of them come from various European countries, and we want them to take them back.And I've given them a deadline. I said, "Take them back." Because we're not going to -- you know, they'd like to have us put them in Guantanamo Bay and leave them in Guantanamo Bay for the next 50 years, and cost us a fortune. I said, "Nope. You got to take them back. If they come from Germany, take them back.We did you a big favor. If they come from France, take them back, Emmanuel. Take them back." And they're going to have to do that. And if they don't do that, we may very well release them at the borders because we have no choice. We're not going to be taking people from other countries and having them -- you know, paying the cost of them in prison for 40 years.No, it's not. And we're looking into that. That's been a long-term -- President Obama said they were going to be totally completed and emptied out by the time he left office. And very much like judges, where, as you know, I ended up with 138 slots, you had a situation where that wasn't cleaned out.He was going to have everybody removed and Guantanamo Bay closed up by the time he left office. And he didn't do that. He didn't do that either. So we're stuck with it.Well, I don't know. But this was President Obama. You know that. He did say that. He said Guantanamo Bay ---- will be totally closed.I don't know. I mean, I just know he was very strong on the fact that -- Guantanamo Bay. So we're taking what he left, and that's where we are right now. We're going to make some decisions on it. But with respect to the ISIS fighters -- by the way, I hope you're having a good time over here, Mark.I brought him down to talk about -- if you had any more questions on the wall.I hope you like the wall, by the way. Do you like the wall?Let me ask you one question. I know you're not supposed to -- as a reporter. That is a serious wall. Do you agree with that? That's serious steel.Well, and concrete. It's got steel and concrete -- and very hard concrete, very strong concrete. You know, it's very, very -- 5,000-pound concrete is a very substantial concrete. Hello, are you okay down there?Okay. I couldn't do that. That's a very -- that's what you get with youth.We're looking at a lot of things. But President Obama said that Guantanamo Bay would be closed, and he never got it done.It's just like President Obama knew about the Russians and he never got that done either, with respect to the 2016 election. So there are a lot of things he didn't get done, but that's okay. Go ahead.Well, we're looking at a lot of things. I know about that. I think it's crazy. It's been -- it costs a fortune to operate it and I think it's crazy. But the big decision we have now is we have thousands of people -- they came from other countries. We want those countries to take them back. We did them a big favor by stopping them.And if they came from France, we want France to take them, and to try them, and to do whatever they have to do with them. But that's a very expensive situation.Yeah, I think you can have this on the record.Treat it fairly if it wasn't good. But just treat it fairly.I'm going to -- yeah, I have a great relationship with --Could be. But I have a very good relationship with Prime Minister Modi. By the way, great relationship with Pakistan and with India. But he's got a big crowd coming, and I guess the crowd just got a lot bigger because they just announced -- he asked would I go, and I will go. Then we're stopping in Ohio on the way back, and then I guess we do the United Nations the following week.I'm going to say, "The United States is the greatest country in the world. It's never been stronger and it's never been better, and they certainly have one of the great Presidents in our history." We love you guys. Have a good time. Go eat that chocolate cake, okay? Eat that chocolate cake. They didn't give me cake like that, Phil.I'll grab -- I'll grab that sucker right off your plate.I offered -- I offered to rebuild it, as a real estate developer. I was a very good real estate developer. I offered to rebuild it at a tiny fraction of what they were going to build it for. And I said, "It will end up being much more than that." They didn't even know what New York steam was versus a boiler.They knew nothing. So it was a big deal. I made an offer. And I think it was the ambassador to Sweden -- one of the ambassadors -- because I built the building across the street. And that building -- fully built, brand new -- a tremendous building -- Trump -- you know the building, right? Right across the street.And that building cost much less than a renovation to the United Nations. So the ambassador to Sweden, I believe, said, "I'd like to call this man." I wasn't the President. So, I was the president of the Trump Organization. "I'd like to call him." And he did. And he spoke to me. He said, "Is it true that you built that building for" -- I think it was -- I think he said, "$360 million." I said, "Yes." He said, "How could you do that for $360 [Million] and they want to spend $2 billion on renovating this smaller building -- the United Nations." I said, "Because I know how the game is played.It could be much less." I said, "I could do the whole thing for $500 million." And he said, "What would the difference be?" I said, "The only difference would be that it would be much better. I'd use marble instead of terrazzo, which is more much expensive. I wouldn't move people out. I'd do it by floors." You know, you take three floors at a time.You move them around. They moved everybody out, then moved everybody back. And you don't even notice any difference. I mean, I don't even notice. They spent a fortune. And I went and I made the presentation to the -- to the general. We made the presentation. It's a big deal. And I said, "I'll save you billions of dollars, because when it comes in, your people don't know what they're doing." I spoke to the people.They didn't know anything about building, although they did know about other things, which are not good. You don't want to know about that. But they knew nothing about building. And it came out -- it came out costing billions of dollars. And I offered to do it for $500 million and it would have been a much better job.And they wouldn't have had to empty the building, as I said. We could have done it with people in place. It would have been a great job. And I've done jobs like that, like the Grand Hyatt New York. I did that. That was the old Commodore. I've done a lot of renovation work.Where were they coming? They were --Oh, they were coming out?Out of my --Oh, it could -- oh I see, the jacket -- well, it could have been --Hey, they have good cameras.I do. I do.He must --I haven't used it in a long time. [Laughter] I do.I do leave -- I will say this, I don't carry a wallet ---- because I haven't had to use a credit card in a long time. I do like leaving tips at the hotel. You know, I like to carry a little something. I like to give tips to the hotel. I'm telling you -- maybe a President is not supposed to do it, but I like to leave a tip at the hotel, et cetera, et cetera.Oh, that's funny. So the jacket was blowing up and they saw it. Who is the man?Boy, that's a good picture. [Laughter] Hey, I'd like a piece of that picture. Anyways, have a good time, fellas. Don't eat that cake, okay? Have a good time.We have a good trip -- a really good trip. I hope -- I hope you see the wall as what it is: It's a great structure and it will really do the trick. One thing I think you wanted to say about the catch-and release-program, probably?There will be no more catch and release. Nobody coming into the country.It would be a big -- a big step. And that's without the Democrats. It would have been easier -- you know, if we could have done it the other way. But because of what we've done through regulation and what we're doing with Mexico, we won't have catch -- within two weeks, we'll be free of catch-and-release -- releasing people into the country.[Inaudible]Okay?Yes. Treat me fairly.I never rule anything out, but I prefer not meeting him.I don't think I need to, but I'm willing to do it. We're the undisputed champion of energy. We are now way ahead of number two and three, which is Saudi Arabia and Russia. Let people do what they have to do. And they've done it. But I can really step it up a lot more if we have to. So I don't believe I need to, but if we want to use strategic oil reserves, I would open them up."Yes. I am. We can't let Los Angeles, San Francisco and numerous other cities destroy themselves by allowing what's happening. And I'm speaking to tenants -- in some cases foreign people, foreign tenants -- but they have where they're tenants in buildings throughout various cities in California, and other places... where they want to leave the country.They can't believe what's happening. Where our policeman that are on the beat are getting sick. They're actually sick. They're going to the hospital. We can't let that happen.We're looking at it very seriously. I've spoken to [HUD] Sec. Carson in terms of the housing element. But we have people living in our... best highways our best streets, our best entrances to buildings and pay tremendous taxes, where people in those buildings pay tremendous taxes, where they went to those locations because of the prestige.In many cases they came from other countries and they moved to Los Angeles or they moved to San Francisco because of the prestige of the city, and all of a sudden they have tents. Hundreds and hundreds of tents and people living at the entrance to their office building. And they want to leave. And the people of San Francisco are fed up, and the people of Los Angeles are fed up. And we're looking at it, and we'll be doing something about it.I think [O'Brien's] fantastic. I love Keith Kellogg. Keith Kellogg he's been with me from the beginning. He's great. I like [Waddell] a lot.Anybody that can't get people standing in the middle of Manhattan in the most densely populated area of the country -- anybody could do that. I think more Democrats should do it. I get these crowds in areas that nobody's ever seen crowds before. Pretty amazing. Certainly, if I went to Manhattan, if I went there -- number one, she didn't have 20,000 people and number two, I think anybody would get a good crowd there.I think you have a good crowd there if you don't even go there, just say you're going and how many people are in the park."They've hurt that man and his family so badly. He has been just really devastated by the hurt that's been caused to him, his beautiful daughters, his fantastic wife -- they have hurt him so badly. ... He has been hurt so badly and it's so unfair. He's a good man. That wasn't supposed to be in the cards.I never met her. She never treated me nicely. But I would like to wish her family well. She was a professional and I respect professionals. I respect you guys a lot, you people a lot. She was a real professional. Never treated me well, but I certainly respect her as a professional."They are starting to buy our farm products big league.I think there'll be a deal maybe soon, maybe before the election, or one day after the election. And if it's after the election, it'll be a deal like you've never seen, it'll be the greatest deal ever and China knows that. They think I'm going to win. China thinks I'm going to win so easily and they're concerned because I told them, if it's after the election it's going to be far worse than what it is right now.I told them that. Would they like to see somebody else win? Absolutely. It'll be the greatest deal ever made and China knows that. If it's after the election, it'll be the toughest deal anybody's ever had to make from the standpoint of China, and they know that. China knows that. China would love to have Sleepy Joe and Elizabeth 'Pocahontas' Warren.Well, thank you very much. It's a great honor to be with the Crown Prince of Bahrain. He is a friend of mine, and the country is a friend of ours. We're always going to be with them, and I know they're always going to be with us. We have a tremendous relationship militarily, but we have also a tremendous economic relationship -- trade.And we're going to be discussing all of those things. We'll certainly be discussing what took place over the last two days in Saudi Arabia.And we'll be discussing the Middle East. But our relationship has never been stronger than it is right now. And I think that is largely based on the relationship that we have. So I look forward to having our discussion.Thank you. Thank you very much. Please. Would you like to say something?Right.Good timing.Well, thank you very much.I look forward to the day and spending time with you. And thank you all very much. I'll be doing a news conference outside in a little while. Just part of the trip. We're going to New Mexico and to other places for two and half days. And many of you will be with us, and I look forward to that. But in particular, I look forward to our meeting.Thank you very much.Well, it's looking that way. We'll have some pretty good -- we're having some very strong studies done, but it's certainly looking that way at this moment. And we'll let you know. As soon as we find out definitively, we'll let you know. But it does look that way.Do I want war? I don't want war with anybody. I'm somebody that would like not to have war. We have the strongest military in the world. We've spent more than a trillion and a half dollars in the last short period of time on our military. Nobody has even come close. We have the best equipment in the world.We have the best missiles. And as you say, you just bought the Patriot system.There's nothing even close. But, no, I don't want war with anybody. But we're prepared more than anybody. Two and a half years ago, I will tell you, it was not the same thing. And with what we've done, we've totally rebuilt our military in so many different ways, but we've rebuilt it. And there's nobody -- it has the F-35. We have the best fighter jets, the best rockets, the best missiles, the best equipment.But with all of that being said, we'd certainly like to avoid it.Well, we have a lot of options, but I'm not looking at options right now. We want to find definitively who did this. We're dealing with Saudi Arabia. We're dealing with the Crown Prince and so many other of your neighbors, and we're all talking about it together. We'll see what happens.Say it?Well, I have no meeting scheduled. I know they want to meet. I know they're not doing well as a country. Iran has got a lot of problems right now that two and a half years ago -- and even a little bit more than that -- when I came in -- it's hard to believe it's almost three years -- but two and half to three years ago, they were causing a lot of trouble.And we'll see what happens. But we'll let you know definitively if there were -- as you know, there are ways to see definitively where they came from, and we have all of those ways. And that's being checked out right now.Well, you know, there were always conditions, because the conditions -- if you look at it, the sanctions are not going to be taken off. So if the sanctions -- that's a condition. So, you know, that's why the press misreported it. The biggest thing you can talk about are the sanctions, and the sanctions are massive.There's never been sanctions put on a country like that. And I think they have a tremendous future, but not the way they're behaving. We'll see what happens in terms of this attack. Secretary Pompeo and others will be going over to Saudi Arabia at some point to discuss what -- they feel they're going to make a statement fairly soon.But they also know something that most people don't know, as to where it came from, who did it. And we'll be able to find that out. We'll figure that out very quickly. We pretty much already know.Say it?The United States is more prepared than any country in the history of -- of -- in any history, if we have to go that way. As to whether or not we go that way, we'll see. We have to find out definitively who did it. We have to speak to Saudi Arabia. They have to have a lot of -- they have to have a lot in the game also.And, you know, they're willing to do that. I think everybody knows they're willing to do that. So we'll be meeting with Saudi Arabia. We'll be talking to Saudi Arabia. We'll be talking to UAE and many of the neighbors out there that we're very close friends with. We're also talking to Europe, a lot of the countries that we're dealing with -- whether it's France, Germany, et cetera.Talking to a lot of different folks. And we're figuring out what they think. But I will tell you, that was a very large attack and it could be met with an attack many, many times larger, very easily, by our country. But we're going to find out who definitively did it, first.I didn't say that. Why do you say that?I said that we think we know who it was, but I didn't say anybody.But, certainly, it would look to most like it was Iran, but I did not say it the way you said. Go.You're going to find out in great detail in the very near future. We have the exact locations of just about everything. You're going to find out at the right time. But it's too early to tell you that now.Well, they haven't risen very much. And we have the Strategic Oil Reserves, which are massive. And we can release a little bit of that. And other countries, including Bahrain -- but other countries can be a little bit more generous with the oil, and you'd bring it right down. So, no, that's not a problem.It went up five dollars, and that is not a problem. And you have to remember, we're now the largest producer of oil and gas in the world. So a lot of people in the old days -- and this happened over the last very short period of time. We're number one in the world, by far.By far. So I never want to be benefitted that way. But the fact is, there are those that say we benefit. I don't view that as a benefit. But we are certainly -- we take in more money than anybody else from energy. Not even close.I think it's certainly the responsibility of them to do a big -- a big deal of their defense, certainly. I also think it's the responsibility of the Saudis to, if somebody like us -- which are the ones -- are going to help them, they, I know, that monetarily will be very much involved in paying for that.This is something that's much different than other Presidents would mention, Jon. But the fact is that the Saudis are going to have a lot of involvement in this if we decide to do something. They'll be very much involved, and that includes payment. And they understand that fully. But they're going to be -- look, they're very upset.They're very angry. They know pretty much what we know. They know pretty much where they came from. And we're looking for the final checkpoints, and I think you won't be surprised to see who did it.We'll be discussing it, yeah. We'll be discussing.Well, we're going to see. I mean, it's -- the election is on Tuesday.So --So you have an election tomorrow, so I would think it would be afterwards, okay? But we -- you do have an election. Big election tomorrow in Israel. And that'll be a very interesting outcome. It's going to be close. It's going to be a close election.I don't want to comment on that.The relationship is very good, but I don't want to comment on it.I just don't think it's appropriate for me to comment.Probably not. I don't think it's ready. I don't think we're ready for that. I would do it sometime at -- sometime at a later future. And depending on what happens, I'm sure he'll love coming to the United States also. But, no, I don't think it's ready for that. I think we have a ways to go yet.Well, I have a great relationship with the autoworkers. I got tremendous numbers of votes from the autoworkers. I don't want General Motors to be building plants outside of this country. As you know, they built many plants in China and Mexico, and I don't like that at all. My relationship has been very powerful with the autoworkers -- not necessarily the top person or two, but the people that work doing automobiles.Nobody has ever brought more companies into the United States. You know, I have Japan and Germany, and many countries have been bringing car companies in and opening plants and expanding plants. And big things are happening in Ohio, including with Lordstown. Very positive things are happening. We have many plants that are either being renovated or expanded or built new, right now, in the United States -- many more than we've had for decades and decades.So nobody has been better to the autoworkers than me. I'd like to see it work out, but I don't want General Motors building plants in China and Mexico. This was before my watch. And I don't think they'll be doing that, I don't think. I had meetings with Mary Barra, the head of GM, and I don't want them leaving our country.I don't want them building in China. I don't want to build them in other countries. I don't want these big, massive auto plants built in other countries. And I don't think they'll be doing that anymore. You know, General Motors makes most of its money in the United States, and it's too bad they spent billions and billions of dollars outside of the United States, before I got here.One of the things very important in the USMCA, which we have to have approved for the -- not only for the unions, for the autoworkers, but for the farmers and for the manufacturers -- for everybody. Everybody wants USMCA. It's very important, even more so now than it was two weeks ago. But people really want it. I'm sad to see the strike.Hopefully, it's going to be a quick one.No. It's never exhausted. In fact, the Crown Prince can tell you, especially in your part of the world, it's never exhausted until the final 12 seconds. Is that right?You never know what's going to happen. No, it's not exhausted. Nothing is exhausted. And we'll see what happens. I think they would like to make a deal. I know they'd like to make a deal. They'd like to do it, but they'd like to do it on certain terms and conditions, and we won't do that. But at some point, it will work out, in my opinion.The problem was, the deal that was signed by the previous administration was a disaster -- which, by the way, would be expiring in a very short period of time also. So you really don't have a deal. You know, that deal was a very short-term deal. So they made a deal, but it was for a very short period of time.So that deal would be expiring very soon.Yes.Always. I encourage everybody. I want everybody to work together. The Middle East is an interesting place. They, historically, have not been working together too well. But, no, Israel is starting to work together with a lot of countries that you wouldn't have thought possible two years ago. Yes, Steve.No, I haven't. No, I haven't. I haven't promised the Saudis that. We have to sit down with the Saudis and work something out. And the Saudis want very much for us to protect them, but I say, well, we have to work. That was an attack on Saudi Arabia, and that wasn't an attack on us. But we would certainly help them.They've been a great ally. They spend $400 billion in our country over the last number of years. Four hundred billion dollars. That's a million and a half jobs. And they're not ones that, unlike some countries, where they want terms; they want terms and conditions. They want to say, "Can we borrow the money at zero percent for the next 400 years?" No. No. Saudi Arabia pays cash.They've helped us out from the standpoint of jobs and all of the other things. And they've actually helped us. I would call and I would say, "Listen, our oil prices, our gasoline, is too high. You got to let more go." You know that.I would call the Crown Prince and I'd say, "You got to help us out. You got to get some more." And, all of a sudden, the oil starts flowing and the gasoline prices are down. No other President can do that. No other President was able to do that, or maybe they didn't try. But I've done it. So now they're under attack, and we will work something out with them.But they also know that -- you know, I'm not looking to get into new conflict, but sometimes you have to.Excuse me?I think I'll have a stronger message, or maybe no message at all, when we get the final results of what we're looking at. But, right now, it's too soon to say. There's plenty of time. You know, there's no rush. We'll all be here a long time. There's no rush. But I'll have a message -- whether it's a strong message or maybe no message at all, depending on the final results.I'm not concerned at all.No. I'm not. Personally, I'm not concerned at all. We have military power the likes of which the world has never seen. I'm not concerned at all. I'd like to avoid it. You know, when I came here three years ago almost, General Mattis told me, "Sir, we're very low on ammunition." I said, "That's a horrible thing to say." I'm not blaming him; I'm not blaming anybody.But that's what he told me. Because we were at a position where, with a certain country -- I won't say which one -- we may have had conflict. And he said to me, "Sir, if you could, delay it, because we're very low on ammunition." And I said, "You know what, General? I never want to hear that again from another general." No President should ever, ever hear that statement, "We're low on ammunition." And we now have more ammunition, more missiles, more rockets, more tanks, more -- we have more of everything than we've ever had before.More jet fighters. When I came here, 50 percent of our jet fighters didn't fly. You know that. And they were in bad shape. And now we have the best fighters in the world. Everybody wants to buy them. Are you buying our jet fighters?Which one?That's great.You have good taste. [Laughter]That's a great one. So, we are very high on ammunition now. That's a story I've never told before. Breaking news. But we have -- we were very low. I could even say it stronger. I don't want to say, "No ammunition," but that gets a lot closer. I said, "I never want to hear that again. And I never want another President of the United States to hear that again." Could you imagine, as President, when they say, "We're very low on ammunition?" By the way, stronger than that, but I'm not going to go there.That was what I was told. And I said, "I never want to be in a position like that again." And he said, "Could you delay if we do something, sir? Could you delay it as we fill up?" And that is what I inherited from the past administration. And, in all fairness, to President Obama, to administrations before President Obama.That's what I got stuck with. And we fixed it, and we fixed it good. The Crown Prince understands $700 billion; the next year, $718 billion; and the next year, which is right now, we just got approved, $738 billion. And that's a lot of money even for Bahrain. Right?It's a lot even for Bahrain.And Bahrain has a lot of money. Okay?Well, we'll have to see what happens, Steve. I just don't know. I can't tell you what's going to happen. I can make a prediction; I sort of have a feeling. But we're going to have to see what happens. That's a big election. That's one we're all going to be watching.Well, certainly he has a good chance. But it's a very -- you know, it's a 50/50 election. A lot of people, if you look at the polls and everything else, it's going to be very close. So we'll see what happens. Polls -- polls are often wrong.Yeah, I don't want to talk about that, but certainly it's something we were told about that they'd like to do. But, no, I don't want to be talking about that. It's too soon.Well, just in case we ran a little bit low on oil. We have so much with the Strategic Reserves. Plus, being the number one producer, we can fill them up very quickly. Very, very quickly. And one of the things I'm doing also is I'm approving the pipelines in Texas. We have a tremendous pipeline system that's being held up by various agencies for a very good reason, for it -- going through the normal process.And we're going to have to avoid the normal process, because if we do that -- Texas is a massive distributor, a massive producer of oil, far bigger than anybody would have even thought five years ago. So what I'm going to do is expedite the pipeline approvals. That will get us another 25 percent energy -- additional energy.I know this is exactly the opposite of the Democrats. They want to have wind, solar, and, I guess, make-believe would be the third alternative, right? No, this is something we have to do. We have the greatest wealth in the world, and we want to be able to capitalize on it, especially when it comes to safety.Okay? Thank you all very much. Thank you.Well, I think what I've done for the inner cities is more than any President has done for a long time. We've created Opportunity Zones. In fact, I did that with Tim Scott, who you know very well, who is, I think, a tremendous guy. It was his initiative. And he came to see me. They're having a tremendously positive impact on the inner cities, including Baltimore, including a lot of other cities that you wouldn't necessarily think.Oakland, California, is an example. We're having tremendous success in the inner cities because of the Opportunity Zones. Criminal justice reform -- I was the one that got it. Nobody else. I mean, we had people that helped, but a group of extremely liberal Democrats came to the office and they said, "We cannot get it." President Obama was unable to get it, as you know.President Bush -- they were all unable to get it, and I got it. And I got it with some very conservative senators and people that wanted it to happen. And nobody else could have done it. And it's sort of interesting, because they don't like mentioning my name, although, I guess now people are understanding.But we got it. We got it done. We formed a coalition with some very conservative people, as you know, and some people that are very far left. And we did a thing called, "criminal justice reform," something that nobody thought. The Crown Prince has seen this. Nobody thought this could possibly happen. And I'm very proud of criminal justice reform.So, we did that. We did the Opportunity Zones and a lot of other things. Our job numbers for African Americans are the best in history. You saw the new ones came out; they're even better than they were two months ago. Hispanic, the best in history. Asian, the best in history. Overall, they're phenomenal.The best in 51 years. And I think we'll soon be historic on that one too. The economy is doing great. And that's the best thing I can do.No, when I drove through I looked at it. And we flew over. But we also -- no, you have some sections that need a lot of help. And, you know, what people don't know -- I had a great meeting with Elijah Cummings in this office very early in my tenure. And it was a meeting on drug prices. And I saw him get emotional talking about drug prices.Seriously emotional. And I was really impressed. He cared about it. And I would certainly be willing to meet with Elijah and other people, if they'd like. But I saw the emotion and the feeling that he had for reducing drug prices. And we've worked hard, and we've actually had the first year in 51 years where prices went down.But we can get them down much further if we can get the help from Congress. So I think we're going to do much lower drug prices over the next year. And I think that if Elijah Cummings would want help, I am here. But I did see him at a moment that was actually, I thought, a very beautiful moment. I've talked about it often because I see the political rhetoric every once in a while.And I said, "That's not the same guy I had in my office." That was a very caring man that wanted to see drug prices lowered. And he wanted that for the community -- for his community. So, I look forward to working with Elijah, but I look forward to working with a lot of people. But I think Opportunity Zones have been tremendous for the inner cities.And criminal justice reform is something we're very proud of. Thank you all very much.So, if you look at what's happening with respect to the stock market, it's been holding pretty firm, considering what happened with respect to Saudi Arabia. But I think we're doing very well. Okay? Question?Federal mediation is always possible, if that's what they want. Hopefully, they'll be able to work out the GM strike quickly. We don't want General Motors building plants outside of this country, and we're very strong on that. The UAW has been very good to me. The members have been very good, from the standpoint of voting.The relationship is good. Hopefully, they're going to work that out quickly and solidly. Now, I just gave a pretty big news conference inside, and we're going to be late for New Mexico. We can't do that, ever, to New Mexico. So, go ahead, David.I think we're the same. I think we just want to find out the final numbers and see. You look at a vector, and you look at -- there are lots of different things we can look at, David. And we'll know for certain over the next pretty short period of time.Well, then we're going to decide. Then we're going to decide.Say it again, louder.Would this be proportionate? Is that what you're asking?I would say yes. I would say -- So, I don't know who's going to New Mexico with me, but I'll see you on the plane.Can I what?Oh, I think so. Look, they want to find out also. And I think they probably feel they know. But we're going to know very -- very quickly. We have pretty much all the material we need. We'll know very quickly.I think the New York Times made another terrible mistake. It's a shame that a thing like that could happen. I see they're making a big correction today. They've just announced there's a correction. But to do that about a Supreme Court justice is a terrible thing. It's a false accusation. Whatever happened with the New York Times -- I mean, I can tell you personally that they never check.They never do -- we used to have a thing called "fact-checking." They don't do fact-checking anymore. They used to call and say, "What about this? What about that?" How can they do a thing like that and destroy somebody's life? I mean, they're destroying lives. And it's fake news. It's just fake news.But it's a very fair question. I mean, they have to be very embarrassed. But much more importantly, what they do is wrong, and they do it all the time.Well, we have the Strategic -- if you look at what we have, we have tremendous amounts of oil in our country. We're independent of everybody now. We have more than anybody else. We're the number-one energy producer in the world, which took place very recently. And we will soon be substantially more than anybody else.So it won't affect us. And ultimately, I don't think it will affect the world either. But it won't affect the United States.I don't think so. No, I think it's going to be fine.We're going to see some of the African leaders at the UN, yes.So, I'll see Prime Minister Modi and I will -- we'll be meeting with India and Pakistan. And I think a lot of progress has been made there. A lot of progress. Thank you.I don't know anything about it.Thank you very much, everybody. "The Sandman." My wife asked me, "Why 'The Sandman'? Just tell me." Our First Lady. I said, "Because he put the batter to sleep, right?" "The Sandman." A lot of people don't know that, but the Yankee fans know that. We've watched it for a long time.Thank you all for coming. The First Lady and I are delighted to welcome you to the White House. Today, we present our nation's highest civilian honor, the Presidential Medal of Freedom, to American baseball legend -- maybe the greatest pitcher of all time. It's a big argument: Is he the greatest pitcher or the greatest reliever?Well, the reliever we won. But there's a real question he may be the greatest pitcher in the history of baseball: Mariano Rivera. When you hear the stats, you'll understand exactly why I say that. Mariano, I want to congratulate you on this really extraordinary achievement. Thank you. And it's -- on behalf of this whole country, thank you very much for the great job you've done.We're delighted to be joined by our Vice President, Mike Pence, and his wonderful wife, Karen. Thank you very much, Karen. Thank you, Mike. Along with many of the members of our very distinguished and hardworking and very, very successful Cabinet. Thank you all for being here. Thank you.Thank you, Cabinet. We're also grateful to be joined by Mariano's wife, Clara. Thank you, Clara. Thank you, Clara. His three sons Jafet, Jaziel, and Mariano; his daughter-in-law, Alyssa. Thank you all very much. Thank you all for being here. It's so great. And his longtime manager -- one of the great players and a great, great manager, Joe Torre.Where's Joe? A great player too. And Chief Operating Officer of the New York Yankees, Lonn Trost. Thank you. Thank you, Lonn. Good luck. Go get it. We could use him in the bullpen, maybe. Huh? That would be good. That would guarantee it. Good luck. Great season you've had.Tremendous season. Mariano was born the son of a fishing boat captain on the coast of Panama. He learned to play baseball on the mudflats of the Pacific with a cardboard glove, a bat fashioned from a tree branch, and a ball made out of rock, string, and tape. There wasn't a lot of money for playing baseball.He excelled at the sport. At the age of 18, he started playing in the country's top adult league. In a critical game with his team losing badly, the coach called him over and asked Mariano to do something that he had never really done before. "Could you pitch, Mariano?" Mo insisted that he could not. But when he took the mound, an amazing thing happened: The crowd witnessed an incredible performance.His opponents did not get a single run for the rest of the game, and a legend was starting. His team won an epic comeback victory. Big deal at that time. And after that, his teammates contacted a scout and told him that he had a tryout in Panama City with the world's most famous baseball dynasty: the New York Yankees.With barely enough money for the bus ride home, Mariano set out on a journey that would define his life and inspire countless millions around the globe. At his first tryout, in worn-out shoes and a borrowed glove, Mariano threw nine fastballs. It was the only pitch he knew how to throw. After a few more tryouts, the Yankees offered him a contract to play their farm team, the Gulf Coast Yankees.Do you remember that, Mariano, the Gulf Coast? Were they a good team?Not bad, right?He got in an airplane and came back to America. A few months later, in August 1990, Mariano threw his first no-hitter. That year, he had an average ERA of 0.17. So that doesn't mean one; that means like one seventeenth of one. That's not a lot. Did you lose -- how do you lose a game? Well, I guess you score no runs, right?Boy, oh boy. In 52 innings, he had 0.17, which is unheard of, over 22 games. Soon thereafter, Mariano married Clara, which was an even more important thing for him to do. And truly -- and he's said it many times -- you are the love of his life. You know that. You feel that, right?I hope he tells that. They will soon celebrate their 28th wedding anniversary. Congratulations, Clara. After five years playing in the minors, in 1955 [1995], Mariano made it to the big leagues. In his second season with the Yankees, Mariano delivered 130 strikeouts in less than 108 innings.While facing 425 batters, he allowed only one homerun. With an ERA of 2.09, the Yankees made him a closer for the 1997 season. That's when it really started happening. That year, he accidentally threw a pitch he had never thrown before. Then he tried it several more times -- again and again. It kept working.And at the last second, his fastball -- it was really an incredible thing -- became the cutter. He had suddenly developed that lethal pitch, which -- are people throwing that pitch today, because I've never noticed they seem to -- they don't have your success, I can tell you, right?They don't. They may be throwing it, but it doesn't work quite the same way. And many players would come to consider it the greatest pitch ever in baseball. It would break many records and many bats. In a 1999 game against the Atlanta Braves, his cutter snapped a big strong guy, Ryan Klesko -- I know him well, as a player.He's a big powerful guy. And he broke his bat three times in one plate appearance. That has to be like a record. In 2001, Mariano's heavy, fearsome pitch destroyed 44 bats in less than 81 innings. And I used to say -- I'd tell people, "I've never seen a guy break so many bats. It's called a heavy, heavy pitch." And I asked Mariano, "Why?" And he really didn't know.Just was the way it was, right? It's just the way it happened. It's from God. It's from God.When he retired, the Minnesota Twins presented him with what would become one of the most prized possessions: a chair made out of their shattered bats. [Laughter and applause] In 1998, 1999, and 2000 World Series Championships, Mariano closed out three consecutive World Series victories and delivered 14 strikeouts and 7 saves.He gave up only 2 runs to 59 batters. And you got to remember, you're playing against the best team. So, this isn't like playing the low level; this is the best team. And he had a very unusual trait: He did better against the best teams. And he did incredibly in the playoffs. Game after game, when his entrance music, "Enter Sandman," filled the arena, fans went wild knowing that the game was all but over.His dominance on the mound mesmerized fans, teammates, and, unfortunately for them, it mesmerized the competitors. In Game 7 of the 2003 American League Championship, Mariano entered at the top of the ninth with the score tied 5-5. He held off the Boston Red Sox for three straight innings without giving up a single run, helping secure the series for the Yankees.He was named the series MVP. Not surprising. One of the most memorable moments of Mariano's career was the final game of the old Yankee Stadium -- this was the last game in Yankee Stadium -- when he took his place in history as the final man to pitch in that shrine to American baseball. And I spent many a day in that stadium -- and night.And it was special. With Mo on the mound for the ninth inning, not a single hitter from the Baltimore Orioles made it to first base. He secured yet one more Yankee victory. And that day, the old stadium became the house that Ruth built and that Rivera closed out. It's true. That's true. Over the course of 19 seasons -- you have to hear this to believe it; I didn't even know it -- I knew he was the best, but this is crazy -- Mariano broke the Major League Baseball record for the most games finished and saves made.He has the best ERA -- earned run average -- in the past 100 years: 2.21 in the regular season and an even more astonishing 0.70 -- that's less than one run -- in the postseason, when, again, you play the best teams. These are the hot teams. These are the teams that are just beating up everybody, and you had less than one run -- 0.70. It's amazing.He made more than two times as many saves as the next best pitcher in postseason. And a true clutch pitcher, he was always the best against the most talented hitters. Amazingly, the 527 batters he faced in postseason games hit only 2 homeruns and scored only 13 runs against him. I think you guys want him, quickly.We have to get him. Get him in uniform. You know? You're getting ready. Just sign him up, Lonn. Mariano helped lead the Yankees to five World Series victories, was named the World Series MVP in 1999, and this year he became the first person unanimously elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame. Unanimously -- not one vote.So, just out of curiosity, Babe Ruth was not unanimously elected? Babe -- the Babe didn't make it? What was his problem? He did pretty good, too. You mean Babe was not unanimous? Well, he had some other difficulties, right? Yeah. That's pretty good, Mariano. That's -- I've heard, first unanimously.The Babe -- oh, we love the Babe. What a swing the Babe had. That old corkscrew swing, right? Nobody could figure him out either. Throughout Mariano's incredible career, he remained a humble man guided by a deep Christian faith that inspires everyone around him. As he says, he has always remembered that "The Lord doesn't care about wealth or fame or the number of saves somebody has.We are all children of God, and the Lord cares about the goodness and love in our hearts. That's all." Wow. Well, that is different than the Babe, I would say. I don't know if the Babe ever said that. That's -- pretty sure he didn't. Maybe in his last year, he said it. Nearly two decades ago, Mariano founded the Mariano Rivera Foundation, which has provided hundreds of scholarships for underprivileged children, along with school supplies for countless students, and is currently building a learning and community center in New Rochelle, New York -- where, I can tell you, from being in New York, what you've done in New Rochelle has been incredible.Incredible. After retiring from baseball, Mariano and his wife built an evangelical church, and today Clara is its pastor. I'm going to have to come listen to you sometime. I could use it. That's good. Mariano was naturalized as a U.S. citizen in 2015. And of course, he serves as co-chair of the President's Council on Sports, Fitness, and Nutrition.Mariano Rivera has made extraordinary contributions to American sports, culture, and society. He is the most dominant relief pitcher in the history of baseball. And more than that, he has lived the American Dream and shines as an example of American greatness for all to see. And I'd now like to ask the military aide to come forward and present Mariano Rivera with the Presidential Medal of Freedom.And before we do the actual presentation, I'd like to have Mariano just say a few words. And I know most of those words are going to be addressed to his family, because I know how he feels about his family. Nobody loves their family more than Mariano. Please, Mariano.Thank you everybody. So, the stock market is up again, and we're very close to a new high. It would be over 100 times, I believe. You'll check it. But many, many times, we set the record. So we're very honored by that. We're having a tremendous couple of weeks. A lot of good things are happening.I got a call from heads of China. The call was directed to my people, actually. And they asked whether or not it would be possible to delay the hit on the tariffs up to 30 percent from 25 percent -- would it be possible to take it off of the October 1st date. We gave them a two-week -- in honor of President Xi, we gave them a two-week reprieve.And so, we'll be doing the tariffs on October 15th, instead of October 5th or 1st. They were going to be set on October 1st; we're moving it to October 15th because they're having their 70th anniversary. And I will do that, again, in honor of President Xi. And that's it. Any questions.No, I wouldn't. I think he's fantastic, but I actually spoke to Mike Pompeo about that, and he decided -- and he and I -- I get along with him so well. We have a lot of the same views, and a couple of a little different views. But he likes the idea of having somebody in there with him, and I do too. I think that we'll have an answer for you -- we have -- we have 15 candidates.Everybody wants it badly, as you can imagine. And we'll probably next week sometime make that decision. And we look forward to that.We had. We have at least 10 more. A lot of people want the job. And we -- it's a great job. It's great because it's a lot of fun to work with Donald Trump. And it's very easy, actually, to work with me. You know why it's easy? Because I make all the decisions. They don't have to work.Well, I look forward -- we're going to Baltimore right now. I look forward to it. We're going to be with the Republican congressmen, and I think it's going to be a very successful evening. We're -- we had a tremendous election on Tuesday, and you saw the results on Tuesday night. One gentleman was Dan Bishop.He was not doing so well three or four weeks ago. We got the message out and he won the election. He was losing substantially and he ended up winning fairly easily. That's Dan Bishop. And Greg Murphy won by a lot more than it was expected. He won by many points. And a lot of people thought that was going to be a close race.So we won two seats in Congress on Thursday, and I guess the press didn't talk about it too much. They would have if they lost, but they won. The Republicans had a great night on Tuesday.Well, it's something that people talk about. I'd rather get the whole deal done. We've taken in many, many billions of dollars of tariffs. I'd rather get the entire Chinese done -- look, if we're going to do the deal, let's get it done. A lot of people are talking about it, and I see a lot of analysts are saying an interim deal, meaning we'll do pieces of it -- the easy ones first.But there's no easy or hard. There's a deal or there's not a deal. But it's something we would consider, I guess. But we're very -- we're doing very well. We're doing very well. I did the little bit of a delay in honor of President Xi because it's their 70th anniversary in China.Well, it's too bad I'm going to miss it. I'm going to have to have it somehow taped. I didn't even tell them about that, so maybe it's not that important. But it is important. Look, it's going to be very interesting. I look forward to going home. I'm going to have to watch it as a rerun because many of you are coming to Baltimore with me. I don't expect too much difference.I mean, you have three people that are leading. I sort of think that those three people are going to take it to the end. It's going to be one of those three, I think. But you never know in politics, do we? You know better than I. You never know in politics.I think -- you know, look, they all have their weaknesses and their strengths. I think that they're very different. You certainly have a lot of different voices up there. But it would look to me like it would be Elizabeth Warren. And it looks like Joe, maybe, will be able to get there. Maybe not. I don't know.And certainly Bernie is there. He's number three. But I think that -- because they're so far in the lead -- the three of them. And if you remember, I'm sure you forget my Republican primaries, but I went to the lead at the very beginning and stayed there. It's -- you know, if you don't make a really major mistake, he should be able to make it. I would imagine Biden would be able to make it if he doesn't make any major mistakes.We'll see what happens.Yeah, go ahead. Go ahead. What?Go ahead.I don't know who you're talking about.I don't know. We have tremendous African American support. I would say I'm at my all-time high.I don't think I've ever had the support that I have now. And I think I'm going to do very well with African American.African American support is been the best we've had, and I think a lot of it has to do with the fact that, from an employment and unemployment -- both -- employment and unemployment --Well, I think this. I think this. It's very simple: We have the best numbers we've ever had for African Americans, in terms of employment and unemployment. So I think we're going to do very well.So, we had a big meeting on guns and we had a big meeting on ethanol. We had a great meeting with Chuck Grassley, Joni Ernst, Mike Rounds. We had a -- Kim was there, Iowa. Kim was there. We had some terrific people. John Thune. We had a meeting on ethanol. We had a meeting on guns. Separately, and different people.And I think we made some good progress on background checks and guns. I think we had a great meeting on ethanol, for the farmers. I think we had -- our ethanol meeting was a great meeting. Let's see what happens. But there's been nobody better to farmers than Donald Trump, that I can tell you. I think we made a lot of progress on ethanol, and I think we made a lot of progress on guns.Yes.At some point, yes. He will -- certainly they want to meet. They'd like to meet. I think it's something that will happen. And we'll see. But Kim Jong Un -- I think something can happen. Yeah.We need the wall for purposes of national security. The military is behind it all the way. Any project that they may delay a little bit, it's only a delay. They'll get built. But the wall is something that we need. We're going to be building hundreds of miles of walls. We have, as you know, a Supreme Court decision, which was outstanding.We also had a Supreme Court decision yesterday on asylum. And that was a very, very big decision. And it was a 7-2 decision. The asylum decision was very big, but we had a very good decision on the wall and wall funding. And the wall is going up as we speak. We intend to have, approximately, you know, maybe something short of 500 miles of wall.That would be almost everything that we need. About 500 miles is what we need. And we're going to be very close to that by the end of next year.No, I'm not.We've done the best job of any President in two and a half years of -- in office. Our economy is incredible. Rules, regulations -- everything that we've rolled back have really led to a resurgent economy. If you look at all of the things we've done for the military, if you look at what we've done for the vets, if you look at everything we've done from an economic standpoint to a national security standpoint, I think our country is in one of the best conditions that it's ever been in. I think the economy may be the strongest it's even been in the history of our country.And people know we're doing a great job. They do play politics, and they continue to play politics. And a lot of people think that's the only way. But you know what? Most people think that helps me. It's really an embarrassment to our country. We've done a great job. Yes.Well, we're going to see. I think that North Korea would like to meet. I think you probably have heard that. I can tell you that Iran wants to meet and China wants to make a deal. So we have a lot interesting things going on. Okay?Well, I haven't seen the Andrew McCabe situation. I really don't know about it yet. I heard it was big news before, but I have not been able to find out exactly what happened with Andrew McCabe. Something happened that was very big. It was just breaking as I was -- walked out. But I haven't seen it yet.David.We haven't told him anything except, "Don't vape. Don't vape." We don't like vaping. I don't like vaping.I don't think she's scared of anything. I think she's a smart woman and I think she knows exactly what she is doing. We have the strongest economy in the history of our country. We're about ready to break the record again on the stock market. We've broken the record on jobs. African American -- we just broke the record again.You know that. If you look at Hispanic American, Asian American, the best -- the best employment and unemployment numbers in the history of our country. With women, we're at 71 percent. Seventy-one years. Think of this, 71 years. The best numbers in 71 years. No, I think we've done a great job. There are those that say the best job in the history of our country, for the first two and a half years.So, pretty much, that's the story.So we had a big meeting today on guns. We had a big meeting today on ethanol. Both meetings went very well. A lot of progress was made, I believe, on the background checks and various things having to do with guns. We're dealing with the Democrats. And we're dealing -- I think we're dealing very well. It seems like they'd like to do something.And I think that I can speak for Republicans: They'd like to something. We'll see what can happen, but we're always protecting our Second Amendment. I want to make it clear: Our Second Amendment will be protected fully.Say it.Well, we're dealing on Venezuela right now. It's going to be a very interesting period of time. We're also trying to help a lot of Venezuelans who are dying. They have no food. They have no water. And we are trying to help. A lot them have escaped, so to speak, into Colombia and different places. We're trying to help those people that have been able to get out.But we are dealing with a lot of things having to do with Venezuela. My attitude on Venezuela is a very tough one. And, frankly, my attitude on Cuba is a very tough one. And, in a way, they go hand in hand, because Cuba has always made it possible for Venezuela to do what they're doing. And, frankly, that's ending now.And, likewise, Venezuela, through the oil, took care of Cuba. A lot of that is ending right now.I don't believe that. No, I don't think the Israelis were spying on us. I really would find that hard to believe. My relationship with Israel has been great. You look at Golan Heights. You look at Jerusalem -- with moving the embassy to Jerusalem becoming the capital. You look at even the Iran deal -- what's happened with Iran.Iran is a much different country right now than it was two and a half years ago. It's a much -- it's in a much different position. No, I don't believe that. I wouldn't believe that story. It could -- anything's possible, but I don't believe it.I respect all of them.I respect every one. Let me tell you: It takes a lot of courage to run for office. I respect all of them. See that? I'm getting to be much better as a politician. You never thought you'd hear that answer.I think so. It depends, really, on the Democrats. It depends on whether or not the Democrats want to take your guns away -- because there's a possibility that this is just a ploy to take your guns away -- or whether or not it's meaningful. If it's meaningful, we'll make a deal. If this is a movement by the Democrats to take your guns away, then it's never going to happen because we're never going to let that happen.We will always be there for our Second Amendment. So, we're going to see. If the Democrats want to make a deal, we could make a deal.Very important.So, thank you very much everybody. Gianni Infantino is the head of FIFA. He’s the biggest man in soccer. And we are, as you probably know, getting the World Cup in 2026 for the United States. Some of it is a partnership with Mexico and Canada. And it’s coming into the United States for a large percentage of the games, and we’re very excited about it. Plus, Gianni and I just had a meeting on women’s soccer and what everybody is going to do to make that even better and more equitable, et cetera, et cetera.So, Gianni, thank you very much. We had a great meeting. Very big, though -- we’re getting the World Cup in 2026, so that’s a big thing. Gianni, thank you for being here.Well, Gianni, we’re going to have to extend my second term because 2026 -- I’m going to have to extend it for a couple of years. I don’t think any of you would have a problem with that. But I hope you’re going to remember me in 2026.Thank you very much, Gianni.You take care of yourself. Thank you.Say it?They're dead. They're dead. As far as I’m concerned, they’re dead. They thought that they had to kill people in order to put themselves in a little better negotiating position. When they did that, they killed 12 people. One happened to be a great American soldier -- a wonderful young man from Puerto Rico.Family is from Puerto Rico. And you can’t do that. You can’t do that with me. So they’re dead, as far as I’m concerned. And we’ve hit the Taliban harder in the last four days than they’ve been hit in over 10 years. So that’s the way it is.Say it? What?No. Actually, in terms of advisors, I took my own advice. I liked the idea of meeting. I’ve met with a lot of bad people and a lot of good people during the course of the last almost three years. And I think meeting is a great thing. I think that meeting with -- you know, you’re talking about war. There are meetings with war.Otherwise, wars would never end. You’d have them going forever. We had a meeting scheduled. It was my idea, and it was my idea to terminate it. I didn’t even -- I didn’t discuss it with anybody else. When I heard, very simply, that they killed one of our soldiers and 12 other innocent people, I said, “There’s no way I’m meeting on that basis.There’s no way I’m meeting.” They did a mistake. And, by the way, they are telling people they made a big mistake. They’re saying it loud and clear that they made a big mistake. John.Well, Camp David has held meetings with a lot of people that would have been perceived as being pretty tough customers and pretty bad people. There have been plenty of so-called "bad people" brought up to Camp David for meetings. And the alternative was the White House, and you wouldn’t have been happy with that either.So Camp David would have been a good place, but I don’t want to meet under circumstances where they go around and try and make themselves a little bit more important by killing a soldier; by killing, actually, also a great NATO soldier, in addition to our soldier; and also a total of 12 people. I don’t want that.But, you know, Camp David has had many meetings that, I guess, people would not have considered politically correct. Yes, Steve.Well, we’re looking at that, and we’re thinking about it. You know, as I’ve said, we’ve been policemen there for a long time. And the government is going to have to take responsibility or do whatever it is they do. I’ve been saying, from the campaign, that we want to get out at the earliest possible time.We’re doing a very good job. Our soldiers are incredible, but they’re serving as policemen, to a large extent. I just made a statement on it. Yeah, we’d like to get out, but we’ll get out at the right time.What?Well, India and Pakistan are having a conflict over Kashmir, as you know. I think it’s a little bit less heated right now than it was two weeks ago, and I’m willing to help them. I get along with both countries very well. I’m willing to help them if they want. They know that that is out there. David.You know, I don’t even know who they are, other than I know that --I guess -- I guess you could say -- no, but I don’t know them. I don’t know them. I would say this: They’re all at less than 1 percent. It’s a -- I guess it’s a publicity stunt. We just got right -- a little while ago, 94 percent popularity or approval rating within the Republican Party. So, to be honest, I’m not looking to give them any credibility.They have no credibility. One was a person that voted for Obama, ran as a Vice President four years ago, and was soundly defeated. Another one got thrown out after one term in Congress and he lost in a landslide. And the third one -- Mr. Tallahassee Trail or Appalachian Trail -- he’s the Appalachian Trail, right?The Tallahassee Trail is nice, too, but I think he was the Appalachian Trail. But he wasn’t on the Appalachian Trail; he was in Argentina. Yeah, go ahead.Say it louder.Well, right now, Mexico has been doing a great job for us. And, frankly, we’re very appreciative. But we’ve also been very -- pretty rapidly changing the regulations, the rules, winning in court. We’ve had a lot of wins. We did it early on, but we’re having a lot of wins in court right now. The courts are backing us up, and that has a lot to do with our success on the southern border.In addition, a lot of wall is being built. And every time we put up a mile of wall, that helps us a lot.So, we’re talking to a lot of different people on that. You know, we’re recovering from the hurricane also. Florida did get hit -- not as hard as we anticipated. And you look at Georgia. You look at South Carolina, North Carolina. I’m going to North Carolina right now -- North Carolina -- to have a rally for Dan Bishop.But before I go to the rally, we’re going to be stopping at one of the sites that got hit very hard by the hurricane. So we’re also recovering from a hurricane. But we have to be very careful. Everybody needs totally proper documentation because the -- look, the Bahamas had some tremendous problems with people going to the Bahamas that weren’t supposed to be there.I don’t want to allow people that weren’t supposed to be in the Bahamas to come into the United States, including some very bad people and some very bad gang members and some very, very bad drug dealers. So we are going to be very, very strong on that. Let me -- let me just explain. Large sections, believe it or not, of the Bahamas were not hit.And what we’re doing is bringing the people to those sections of the Bahamas that have not been hit. We’ve done a lot of the USAID. We’ve done a lot of work with our Coast Guard, with our FEMA people, who have been phenomenal. I mean, they have been phenomenal. So we’ll see what happens. We’ll see what happens.Well, I saw a statement was just put out having to do with North Korea, and that’ll be interesting. We’ll see. It just came out over the wires a little while ago. So, we’ll see what happens. In the meantime -- in the meantime, we have our hostages back, we’re getting the remains of our great heroes back, and we’ve had no nuclear testing for a long time.Yeah.Again. What was the beginning?I think it’s very unfair that he does that. I don’t think it should be allowed, and we’ll see what happens. There’s a lot of new law being made on that, but we don’t think that should be happening. Now, with that being said, we’re starting to do very well in the Ninth Circuit. We’re starting to do well all over.We won the lawsuit on the wall. We won the lawsuit on a lot of different things having to do with illegal immigration. That’s why a lot of our very strong points are coming out. And in addition to Mexico helping us, we’re ending up with some great legal victories now on illegal immigration. That’s one of the reasons we’re doing so well.Go ahead. Go.What? Go ahead. What?I think the fact that the prisoner swap took place yesterday with Russia and Ukraine is a very big step and that’s a very positive step. If they needed me to get involved, I’d get involved, but that’s really a very, very positive event that took place yesterday.Well, you're always concerned that it’s temporary. But we now have much better legal protection. And we’d have total protection if the Democrats would get rid of the loopholes which are there. They could do it in, as I say, 15 minutes if they would get rid of the loopholes and fix asylum. But they don’t want to do that.They don’t want to do it. The Democrats want open borders. It means crime. It means drugs. It means human trafficking. And that’s what they want. And if they want to run on that, they can run on it. But our people -- a lot of the people in this country -- and, I would say, a very large percentage of people -- they don’t want to have crossings illegal.They don’t want to have open borders. They want to have a strong border. And I’ve always said: Without a border, we don’t have a country. And without a country, I’ll tell you what: We wouldn’t be -- without that border being strong -- we are securing the border like it hasn’t been before. And when the wall is built -- and it’s moving rapidly right now.It’s moving very rapidly. The lawsuit wins, the legal wins. We’ve won a lot. And we’ve won a lot in the courts over the last year. You know, if you look at the beginning, where we were losing, we will have about 180 judges approved over the next three or four weeks -- 180. When I came in, President Obama gave us a beautiful gift.He gave us 138 judges that he wasn’t able to get in or didn’t pick anybody, or couldn’t get them approved. One hundred and thirty-eight. I took that. And now, when you add the other that came through attrition and other things that have happened, we’ll have about 180 judges approved very, very quickly.Well, Dan Bishop is a great gentleman, a great man. He’s going to be a great -- I think he’s going to be a great congressman. It was a very close race. I think it’s getting less close. If you look at the numbers from two weeks ago -- and I got involved about two weeks ago -- and the numbers have gone way up. I think Dan has a very good chance of winning the election.Again, I’m not running, but I have a lot of respect for Dan Bishop. I’m going there now to help him campaign. We’re going to be doing a big rally tonight; totally sold out as always. Every single one totally sold out. There will be a lot of people outside trying to get in. But it’s all in honor of Dan Bishop.North Carolina, I hope they’re going to go out and vote.It could happen. It could happen. Yeah. No problem with meeting. Iran should straighten out because, frankly, they’re in very bad position right now and they should straighten it out, because they could straighten it out very easily.No, I know nothing about it. I see the CIA responded perfectly. So whatever the CIA said is fine with me. But I heard they responded perfectly. I know nothing.Well, we’re dealing with Democrats. We’re dealing with Republicans. We’re talking about a lot of different things having to do with, as you call it, gun control. But we are talking about a lot of different things. But at the same time, we have to protect our Second Amendment very strongly, and we will always do that.Steve.Well, my decision was to have a meeting. And I said, “You know what? I don’t like the concept of having it at the White House. That would be a step too far.” There have been many very powerful meetings at Camp David having to do with enemies -- real enemies, very big enemies, war -- and I thought Camp David would be good, and I still do. The only reason I canceled that meeting is because they killed one of our soldiers and they killed a total of 12 people, trying to build up their importance, because they think that’s important -- except, to me, it backfired.And they’re very upset. They feel that they blew it. And they said it loud and clear. They feel they made a big mistake by doing what they did.We’re looking very much at human smuggling. And if you look at “trafficking,” they call it -- if you look at what’s going on with the human trafficking, we’re bringing it down to a much lower level. This should have been done for years and years. But we’re bringing the human trafficking, as you can see by the numbers, we’re bringing it down.Mostly affects women and children. It’s a terrible thing. It’s been going on for many years, and we’re bringing it down.Well, it just came out over the wires that he’d like to have a meeting. I have a very good relationship with Chairman Kim -- Kim Jong Un. And it just came out; I just saw it as I’m coming out here -- it just came out that they would like to meet. We’ll see what happens. But I always say having meetings is a good thing, not a bad thing.No, I’m not. Let people go in and help. The Bahamas got hit like no thing that I’ve ever seen. I’ve never seen a hurricane with -- it was like a massive tornado, more than a hurricane. It got hit like nothing I’ve seen. Anybody who wants to help, that’s okay with me. I think it’s a good thing.Well, that’s always the question: How do you define victory? We beat them militarily, but as soon as leave, it seems to form again. We would beat them very easily, militarily, if we wanted to, by doing certain things. And I’m not talking nuclear. We could have that over with very, very rapidly. But you’d lose millions and billions of lives, and I don’t want to do that.Afghanistan is a very interesting situation. We’ve been there for 19 years. Nineteen years. And we’re now really policemen in Afghanistan. So what’s happening is this: We’re talking. We’re talking to the government. We’re talking to a lot of different people. And we’ll see. But I canceled Camp David on the basis that they did something that they sure as hell shouldn’t have done.No. I don’t see it as a bellwether. They always ask that question. I mean, you never see talk about the fact -- as an example, in ’18 -- that we won the Senate. Nobody ever talks about that. The Senate being very important, because that’s how I’m getting all the judges approved. It doesn’t go through the House; it goes through the Senate.So I’m getting all these judges. We’ll be up -- as I said, we’ll be up to 180 judges, plus two Supreme Court judges. And I don’t know if there has ever been a record like that. President Obama gave me a beautiful birthday present when he gave me 138 judges that weren’t approved. And, frankly, how do you consider that being a great President when you hand to the opposition 138 slots of federal judges, including appellate court judges and one Supreme Court judge?So that’s the story, where we got two Supreme Court justices and we’ll have, in a very short number of weeks, 180 judges approved, including appellate. And that number, from 180, will easily and rather rapidly go over 200. And I don’t think there’s been anything like it.I would never tell you. I’ll tell some people, but I’d never tell you. But we have -- we have a very specific number. We have a very specific number.No, I don’t see it as a bellwether.Look, I have to run. Here's what it is.I think we did great in ’18, because the congressmen -- like Andy Barr in Kentucky and others -- that I campaigned for, they won. Andy Barr was behind. I went to Kentucky. I campaigned for him. I held one or two rallies, and the great state of Kentucky brought him. And, by the way, the same person that we defeated there is now running against Mitch McConnell for the Senate.And he’s going to win. He’s going to win. Kentucky is an incredible place. They know. They don’t give up the most powerful man in the United States Senate for a freshman senator. You just don’t do it. Kentucky is very smart. They know exactly what they’re doing. But I campaigned for senators. We were supposed to lose the Senate, according to some of you.We ended up picking up two seats, which was fantastic. I get no credit for that. If we didn’t pick up those two seats -- I just told you we’re going to have 180 judges approved -- we wouldn’t have had almost any judges approved, from the point of the election. So we’re very happy with the way we’ve done.The ’18 election -- the big thing was, I was not running. You know, people say, “Oh, it was a referendum on Trump.” It wasn’t. I’m not running; people are running. But I will go and help Dan Bishop. I’m going to be there in a little while. And I assume some of you, I’ll be seeing.I haven’t found out -- other than when a plane stops at a massive international airport and gets fuel -- I don’t own the airport. When pilots stay -- I own a lot of different places. Soon you’ll find that out because I’ll be, at some point prior to the election, I’m going to be giving out a financial report of me. And it will be extremely complete.I’m going to give out -- I’m going to give or my financial condition. And you’ll be extremely shocked that the numbers are many, many times what you think. I don’t need to have somebody take a room overnight in a hotel. What is happening is the following: Every time you find a person landing an airplane within 500 miles of something I own -- Mike Pence, as an example, his family lives in Doonbeg, Ireland.And he’s actually told me that he stayed there many years ago at the same -- I bought it years ago -- but he was there before I bought it, I believe, he said. A long time ago. But he was in Ireland, so he said, “You know what I’ll do? I’ll see my family.” I didn’t know about that, but I can say he has good taste.Of who?I have nothing to do with that.No. Because, look, the three people are a total joke. They’re a joke. They’re a laughing stock. And I have nothing to do -- the four states that canceled it don’t want to waste their money. If there was a race, they would certainly want to do that. But they’re considered to be a laughing stock. They’re considered to be a joke.And those four states don’t want to waste their money. Having primary campaigns and having a primary election is very expensive.We haven’t discussed it. I’m not looking to discuss it. We’ve hit the Taliban and our enemy in Afghanistan harder than we have in over 10 years. So I’m not discussing anything right now.Well, one of the things is that I disagree with the Republican system. When you’re the chairman of a committee -- we’ve lost chairmen because they can’t go from being a chairman, back to being a regular congressman or woman. When you’re the chairman of a committee, the Democrats, you can stay there forever, like Deny [Sic] Hoyer and others.He’s a good man, by the way. But like a lot of them, they’re there forever. As a Republican, you get six years. What happens after they’re finished, they leave. And I understand that. And, frankly, there is good to be said about both and there’s bad to be said about both, to use the famous expression.But let me just tell you, I agree -- one of the only things I agree with the Democrats on: I really think it’s better to have a longer term.We have to stop forced technology, international technology theft. If you look at what’s going on: Intellectual property theft with China -- just so you understand, our country is doing phenomenally well. You know, there’s a chance -- I don’t want to talk about it -- but over a very short period of time that we’ll hit a yet new record.I think we have 118 records for hitting the top stock market. Two weeks ago, the fake news was trying to convince people that maybe there’s a possibility for a recession. Well, a lot of things have happened, very positive. We’re doing very well against China and we could very well have a new high in our stock market.We have gained trillions of dollars of worth, and China has lost many, many trillions of dollars, including 3 million jobs, including companies that are leaving China. Yes, they want to negotiate very badly. Thank you. Thank you.Hello. First of all, I'd like to thank law enforcement yesterday, in Texas. They've been incredible. First responders, law enforcement, the police, the FBI, Governor Abbott -- incredible, the job they did. It's tragic, but they did an incredible job under the circumstances. It's another very sick person.So I just want to thank everybody involved. And always, you say: As bad as it was, it could have been worse. But it was certainly bad. Very, very sad situation. Also, I'd like to introduce Admiral Brown of the U.S. Coast Guard, a highly respected man. We spent two days at Camp David going over a lot of different things having to do with the hurricane.The Admiral has informed me through all of the different sources that he has -- but you can pretty much get it on television, Admiral -- this is now a Category 5. It seems to be one of the biggest hurricanes we've ever seen. And that's a problem. That's a problem. So I think a lot of -- we have a lot of great -- we have a lot of great people working right now.We don't know where it's going to hit but we have an idea. Probably a little bit different than the original course. The original course was dead into Florida. Now it seems to be going up to toward South Carolina, toward North Carolina. Georgia is going to be hit. Alabama is going to get a piece of it, it looks like.But it can change its course again and it could go back more toward Florida. So we'll be knowing -- we'll be learning over the next probably, less than 24 hours. But it is a very, very powerful hurricane.Yeah, we're looking at the same things. We're in the process of dealing with Democrats, Republicans. They've been working very hard on it. They're coming back very soon. And there's a big package of things that's going to be put before them by a lot of different people. We have a lot of groups working on it.Well, I've been speaking to them. I've been speaking to a lot of senators. We've been speaking to a lot of House members, a lot of Republicans, a lot of Democrats. And people want to do something. So we're going to see. This really hasn't changed anything. We're doing a package, and we'll see what it all -- how it comes about.It's coming about right now. And a lot of people are talking about it. And that's irrespective of what happened yesterday in Texas.Well we're looking at a lot of different things. We're looking at a lot of different bills, ideas, concepts. It's been going on for a long while. Background checks. I will say that, for the most part, sadly, if you look at the last four or five -- going back, even five or six or seven years, for the most part, as strong as you make your background checks, they would not have stopped any of it. So it's a big problem.It's a mental problem. It's a big problem.So China is moving along. We're doing very well. It was brought out very strongly today by a number of great economists that, because China has devalued their currency so much, that, in fact, they are actually paying for all of the tariffs. We have -- in addition to that, as you know, they're pouring money into their economy.So those two things, they are paying for their tariffs. As you know, some new tariffs get on. We're taking in tens of billions of dollars. We're giving some of the money to the farmers. I'm making the farmers more than whole. The farmers are doing better than if China, frankly, were buying. I'm taking a piece of the massive amount of tariffs, and we're giving them to the farmers who have been targeted unfairly by China.We are talking to China. The meeting is still on, as you know, in September. That hasn't changed. They haven't changed and we haven't. We'll see what happens. But we can't allow China to rip us off anymore as a country. We can't allow China to take $500 billion a year out of our country. We can't do that.Yeah.I do have a great message for Poland. And we have Mike Pence, our Vice President, is just about landing right now. And he is representing me. I look forward to being there soon. But I just want to congratulate Poland. It's a great country with great people. We also have many Polish people in our country; it could be 8 million.We love our Polish friends. And I will be there soon.Say it. Say it. Speak up.Well, I think Congress has got a lot of thinking to do, frankly, and they have a lot of -- they've been doing a lot of work. I will tell you, on behalf of Republicans and Democrats, they've been doing a lot of work having to do with guns. And I think you're going to see some interesting things coming along.On the hurricane, Admiral, would you like to say something as to the size and scope of the hurricane?And I'll be going with the Admiral and many others over to FEMA in about an hour. And we'll be having somewhat of a news conference over there where you won't have the engines blaring. But we'll have a news conference over at FEMA. So we'll see you -- most of you -- there. Okay? Thank you. Thank you very much.Well, thank you very much. The hurricane is roaring, and it could be a big one. We're hoping that it maybe makes a right and goes up north, but that's about a 5 percent chance. It's not looking good. And it's one of the biggest hurricanes we've seen in a long time. A long time. So it could be very devastating.I just spoke to Rick Scott, and I just spoke to -- we have a lot of people that we're speaking to. I spoke with Marco Rubio. I spoke to your governors of both Georgia -- as you know, Georgia and Florida. And they're doing really well. They're working hard. Florida seems to be the main target at this moment.But I think a lot of good things are happening. FEMA is there. Tremendous work is going on. Many, many gas trucks are coming in; they're bringing gas from Louisiana and all over. And we don't know about evacuation. We're leaving it up -- locally, right now. We're going to see where it's coming in. We just don't know exactly where it's going to be coming and how far in it's coming.So, I'm going to Camp David. We have a lot of experts with us. And we have a lot of the FEMA people that are coming up, but we're really, very importantly, coming back. And, on Sunday, at 12:30, we have a meeting at FEMA headquarters. And that will be about the time that we'll know where everything is going.A lot of decisions will be made. And that will be a little bit less than a day before it hits. So we'll see what happens. On other things, the stock market is doing well. The economy is doing great. The economy is amazing, actually. Worldwide, we're the number-one by far. Stock market is up again and we're getting close.We'll be very close to a new record soon. And whatever you want to ask. Go ahead.That, I can't tell you. But we are speaking to China. But I can't tell you whether or not it will be President Xi.Well, I understand Twitter accounts have been hacked. Is that what you said?Twitter account. Yeah. Well, I hope they're not hacking my account. But, actually, if they do, they're not going to learn too much more than what I put out, right? Shouldn't be too bad.Well, I guess she said -- I think she said some things. And she called me. She was very upset. She was very down. And she said she was drinking a little bit. And she was with reporters, and everything she said was off the record. And that still doesn't really cover for her. She mentioned a couple of things about my children.But she's a very, you know, good person. And I thought -- I always felt she did a good job. And she's very down. And in all fairness, it was an off-the-record. And, of course, the press -- the press breaks off-the-records all the time because they are very dishonorable. Many of them. Not all of you, but many of them are very dishonorable.But nevertheless, you don't say things -- you don't say certain things. So, it was too bad. But I just spoke to her just before I came out. She called. And I wish her well.Where?Well, we're looking at Ukraine right now. In fact, I was going to meet with your new President. And because of the fact that we have this really massive hurricane coming in, I had to cancel my trip to Poland where I was going to meet the President of Ukraine, among many other things. Mike Pence is going to Poland.He's taking my place. He'll do a great job. It was going to be a beautiful weekend and, really, celebration of the past. And Mike Pence will do a great job. I felt it was important that I stay here. And we'll be up at Camp David working hard. We have a lot of things happening with respect to that hurricane.We have to be very careful. It could be one of the biggest that we've seen. I mean, so far, it's looking not good, I have to be honest you.What I'll do is be going to Poland at a later date. We have a great relationship with Poland. And we'll be doing that. And also, Angela Merkel invited me to go to Germany. So, at some point, we'll be setting that up.Say it?Oh, I don't want to get into that. He's a bad guy, I can tell you that. He's a bad guy. I think he's a sick guy, personally. But I can't get into that with Andrew McCabe. But Andrew McCabe is a bad guy.No, they're on. They're on. We've taken in billions and billions of dollars from those tariffs. And as it's starting to come out, if you look at the Chinese government -- China -- what they've done with tariffs is very interesting. They've devalued their currency so much, which hurts them ultimately.It costs them much more to buy things outside of China. But they've devalued so much. It's a bad situation they've put themselves in. And I just saw -- it came over the wires -- that 13 percent of certain companies are going to be leaving China in the not-too-distant future. That's a big thing. Thirteen percent of companies will be leaving China in the fairly near future.And I'm not surprised to hear that. I think it's going to be much higher. Because they cannot compete with the tariffs. They can't compete. So they've devalued their currency, they're pumping money in. And we're not paying much more. Now, let me tell you, we've taken in tens of billions of dollars.I gave the farmers $16 billion, which makes them totally whole on China. That's what China spends in a good year. I gave -- given the farmers -- because they were targeted. The farmers were targeted by China. So, out of the tariffs, which are much more than $16 billion by a factor of a lot, I've given the farmers $16 billion.And the farmers are very happy. And they want me to continue this fight. They want me to win the fight. And we're going to win the fight. We're having conversations with China. Meetings are scheduled. Calls are being made I guess the meeting in September continues to be on. It hasn't been cancelled.And we'll see what happens. But China has lost a lot of companies. A lot of companies. A lot of companies have left China and a lot more are leaving. And they are not doing well. They are having the worst year they've had, I understand, in 61 years. That's a lot of years. Yeah. Go ahead.No. I just wish Iran well. They had a big problem. And we had a photo. And I released it, which I have the absolute right to do.And we'll see what happens. You'll have to figure that one out yourself. But we'll see what happens. They had a mishap. It's unfortunate. And so, Iran, as you probably know, they were going to set off a big missile, and it didn't work out too well. It had nothing to do with us.Well, we have a good relationship with South Korea. We'll see what happens.I have a lot of faith in Bill Barr. I thought the charges were unbelievably powerful. I thought the IG report was incredible. But I have total confidence in Bill Barr to do the right thing. I think, if anything, this showed how fair he is. I really think he's a -- you know, he's a tremendous man, and I think that this really showed, you know, how fair he is. But, certainly, those were very serious charges, but let's see what happens.Say it?Well, I don't know much about it. I just had seen something come over the wires. But she's a very high-quality woman, Kay Ivey. Very, very high-quality woman. I can tell you that. And I know she apologized.Look, we all want liberty. We all want freedom. We're with everybody. We want freedom. Throughout the world, we want freedom. So we'll see what happens. It's a very interesting time over there. But my message, really, for them is, you know, they have -- they have a very strong point of view. I don't think anybody has ever seen marches of 2 million people.But we're going to be seeing a lot, and I think we're going to be learning a lot over the next -- actually, I think we're going -- on Hong Kong, I think we're going to be learning a lot over the next two or three days. And I hope that it's handled in a very humane way.No, I'll be coming back. We'll be spending -- we have an incredible conference area up there. We have a lot of experts coming up. We'll be running things. It's sort of a control center. We'll be running things. And we're going up with people, but we have a lot of people coming up to Camp David. I'll be coming back on Sunday morning, where I'm going directly to FEMA. And I think Senator Rubio and Senator Scott and -- I don't think the Governor should be there.I think he wants to be in Florida -- Governor DeSantis. He's doing a fantastic job, by the way. Doing a fantastic job.Well, you know, I haven't even thought about it until the question was just broached a little while ago. Yeah, it would look like Mar-a-Lago is dead center. But, look, Mar-a-Lago can handle itself. That's a very powerful place. The thing I'm worried about is the state of Florida, because this hurricane is looking like it's -- this could be a record-setting hurricane.Now, maybe things change. We're hoping for one element that might happen, and that's that it makes a right turn, it goes up north, just prior to equal to hitting shore. That would be great. But that's a pretty small percentage at this point.Say it?Yeah.Right.So, we're bringing them down to about 8,600 in Afghanistan. We're really a police force more than anything else. That's something we could win quickly if we wanted to kill a lot of people, which I don't. And we're getting along very well with a lot of people in Afghanistan right now. We have very good negotiations going on with the Taliban, and the Taliban is saying they're going to do things.We'll see if that's so. We haven't made a deal yet. But we will be bringing it down to about 8,600.We haven't seen that. We haven't seen that.Well, that's not good news. I'm not happy about that. But we haven't seen it. I have not seen it. Yeah.I don't know what you're talking about. Go ahead.Yeah. A lot of badly run companies are trying to blame tariffs. In other words, if they're running badly and they're having a bad quarter, or if they're just unlucky in some way, they're likely to blame the tariffs. It's not the tariffs. It's called "bad management." So a lot of companies are coming out and they're not affected by the tariffs.Not a lot, but there are some. The tariffs have put us in an incredible negotiating position, and I say that to China directly. And it's only going to get worse for China. But I say it to China directly. Because of the tariffs, we're in an incredible negotiating position, and we happen to be taking in billions and billions and billions of dollars.And we haven't taken in 10 cents from China. And the people that support me most are the farmers. Now, as I said, I gave the farmers -- we've given the farmers $16 billion out of a much larger purse than that. But we're doing very well with respect to what we're doing. I do notice that -- and it was on one of the important shows, and I read it this morning someplace, that some companies, for their poor performance, are blaming tariffs, even though they don't mean that.They're just getting away with it.Yeah, I do. I do. The question was, do I see a connection between Hong Kong and what's going on with the trade talks. I think if it weren't for the trade talks, Hong Kong would be in much bigger trouble. I think it would've been much more violent. I really believe China wants to make a deal, and they know it puts us in a very bad position if there's not a humane way of handling the problems.And I let them know that: "Look, handle it in a humane fashion." And we'll see. But I do believe that because of what I'm doing with trade, that's very much keeping down the temperature in Hong Kong. I think it's by really a lot. Because China wants to make a deal. I actually think China has to make a deal.But that's holding it down in Hong Kong. You understand that.I think it was automatic. I don't say "fire" or "not fire." And I really think she had a bad night. I think it was unfortunate. She said she was drinking. And the whole thing was very unfortunate. And I think the press is very dishonest because it was supposed to be off the record. But, still, you don't say things like she said, which were just a little bit hurtful to some people.Oh, no. No. Tiffany is great. I love Tiffany. I love Tiffany.Well, I've said it. We have FEMA. We have first responders. We have tremendous law enforcement. We're working together with Governor DeSantis and the state. And we're also -- by the way, I have to tell you, Georgia is very much in this path also. Georgia could be very much affected. We're working with our great Governor of Georgia.We have our top people there, and it's really -- really been amazing. And I have to say, we've done a great job in Puerto Rico. We were totally ready in Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico -- we got lucky; it missed Puerto Rico. But we were really ready in Puerto Rico and we worked very well with government. You know, I have my issues with their government, but we worked very well.The new governor was on top of things. And we had a really great relationship with Puerto Rico. Fortunately, we didn't have to use what we had, but we were set to go in Puerto Rico. We were in great shape.Well, we're thinking about Florida evacuation, but it's a little bit too soon. People are getting ready. It may have to be evacuated. Sections may have to be evacuated. We'll probably make that determination on Sunday.Well, I think that's going to be between Poland and Germany. I get along with them both. That's between Poland and Germany.No, I like the word "Acting." I think Acting is great. As far as I'm concerned, "Acting" to me is good.And if I like the people, I make them permanent. I have Acting. And Acting gives you great flexibility that you don't have with permanent. So I'm okay with the word "Acting." But when I like people, I make them permanent. But I can leave Acting for a long period of time.Well, we're going to see what's going on. It's a very big subject. And right now we're in -- we're allowing states to make that decision. And a lot of states are making that decision. But we're allowing the states to make that decision.I think it's terrible. I think those allegations are absolutely terrible.Well, the USMCA has become very popular. That's our deal with Mexico and with Canada. Unions are liking it. Farmers are loving it. Manufacturers are really liking it. It really means that we're not going to be losing companies down to Mexico and Canada, and probably elsewhere, if you figure it. You know, when you look at it a certain way.But they're not going to be moving very quickly to Mexico or Canada anymore. The USMCA is a very important deal. I think it's going to be a very bipartisan deal. I hope Nancy Pelosi puts it up for a vote. I can tell you many Democrats will be voting for it if it's put up for a vote. If it's not put up for a vote, I think it's a very bad thing for our country.It's a very diligently, very hard-negotiated deal. We got the approval from Mexico. They voted. Canada is ready to vote; they've essentially approved it. And we are waiting for a vote. And Nancy Pelosi, I think, will do the right thing. I really do. And as I told Nancy Pelosi, view it as a bipartisan deal; our people want it. It's replacing the worst deal in trade that we've ever made, which is NAFTA -- a total disaster.It took our car industry out. It took our industry out. It's one of the worst deals that I've ever seen.No, I just think that the Fed is making a big mistake. Because if you look at what the other Fed equivalents are doing all around the world, they're in a much lower rate. And it makes us harder to compete. It makes it much harder to compete. Now, with that being said, we're doing better than everybody else.But the Fed is hurting me. The Fed is making it very, very hard to compete. But we're so far ahead of everyone since my two and a half years. You look at it. Look, you go back to Election Day, and go the day after -- so you take November 9th, and you look. We're up over 50 percent. And that's pretty much amazing.If you look at our jobs, our jobs numbers are fantastic; probably 3.6 percent. African American, Hispanic American, Asians -- we're talking about in the history of our country -- the best job numbers we've ever had. And on this very day -- I just saw a number -- almost 160 million people are working. The most ever in the history of our country.I mean, we have incredible numbers. Now, if our Fed lowered the rate, I think our stock market would be like a rocket ship. It's already very close to a new record. We're not very far away from a new record. We've had some very good days in the last week. But if the Fed lowered the rate, like they should -- the fact is they went up way too fast and they also did quantitative tightening.They did a double. Big mistake. Fortunately, the economy is so strong it was able to handle that. But if they lowered the rate, you would see our stock market be like a rocket ship.It would be good for us.I think it would go up a lot. I don't know --Colombia, you said?You're talking about the country of Colombia?Yeah. No, we have a great relationship. And they're not doing badly. They have a problem because of the Venezuela. A lot of people are pouring in. But Colombia -- we've had a great relationship with Colombia.We have a call-in. She's going to be calling me back as soon as I get to Camp David.I'm going to say it's just absolutely false. She is a wonderful person. She studies so hard. She's a great student. And she's just a great -- she's a great person. So I look forward to talking to her. I'll be talking to her as soon as I get -- and I love Tiffany. Tiffany is a great person. Thank you very much, everybody.[Inaudible] Japan?Let me just tell you, Prime Minister Abe is an incredible man.We're going to France. We're going to have a good few days. I think it will be very productive seeing a lot of the leaders, who are friends of mine, for the most part. I wouldn't say in a hundred percent of the cases, but for the most part. And I think we're doing very well. Our economy is doing great.We're having a little spat with China, and we'll win it. We put a lot of tariffs on China today, as you know. They put some on us; we put a lot on them. We're up to about $550 billion. They've been hitting us for many, many years -- for over $500 billion a year -- taking out of our country much more than $500 billion a year.So, we want that stopped. Okay?Well, we'll see what happens. At this moment, they want to do that. So we'll see what happens. If they want to have talks, we cert- -- I'm always open to talk.Well, in 1977, we had an act passed -- a National Emergency Act. I have the absolute right to do that. We'll see how that goes. But I have the absolute right. 1977 -- check it out.No, I think our tariffs are very good for us. We're taking in tens of billions of dollars. China is paying for it. They're, as you know, manipulating their currency. I think that our tariffs are working out very well for us. People don't understand that yet. At the same time, China has had the worst -- the worst year probably in anywhere from 30 to 50 years.Their worst year. And they want to make a deal.No, I'm not happy with Jay Powell. I don't think he's doing a good job at all. I don't think he's much of a chess player. But, I've got him, so, you know, that's what I have. That's what I have. What can I tell you? He's not much of a chess player.I'm going to see Prime Minster Abe. I look forward to it. He's a great gentleman. He's a great friend of mine.Well, we're going to -- we're going to see what happens. President Moon also a very good friend of mine. And we'll see what happens with South Korea.No, I don't think so. I think that we have a very good relationship. We'll see what happens. That could always change, but we'll see what happens. Kim Jong Un has been, you know, pretty straight with me, I think. And we're going to see what's going on. We're going to see what's happening. He likes testing missiles.But we never restricted short-range missiles. We'll see what happens. Many nations test those missiles. We tested a very big one the other day, as you probably noticed.Not at all. Not at all. Because if you look at from November 9th -- the day after the election -- we're up 50 percent or more. We're up many, many points. We were at about sixteen or seventeen thousand. We're at 25,000, so don't tell me about 600 points.Say it?Well, I hope she does really well. And our thoughts and prayers are with her. And it's a very serious situation. I'm hoping she's going to be fine. She's pulled through a lot. She's strong, very tough. But we wish her well -- very well.Yeah, I am. I don't like what France did. They put a technology tax on our tech company. And it's not that I'm the biggest fan of the techs companies -- the tech companies, because, as you know, they were very much opposed to the Republicans, and they are very much opposed. Somebody came in the other day and said the election that we had in '16 with Hillary Clinton, that it could've cost me anywhere from 2,600 -- from 2,600,000 votes to, I think, it went up to close to either ten or maybe fifteen million votes.So I'm not a big fan of the tech companies, but I don't want foreign companies and foreign countries -- I don't want them doing anything having to do with taxing unfairly our companies. Those are great American companies. And, frankly, I don't want France going out and taxing our companies. Very unfair.And if they do that, we'll be taxing their wine or doing something else. We'll be taxing their wine like they've never seen before. I don't like it. That's for us to tax them. It's not for France to tax them. Other than that, I have a very good relationship with, as you know, with Macron -- as you say.And I think we're going to have a very good couple of days. I look forward to being in France.Let me tell you, you know exactly what I meant. It was sarcasm. It was joking. We were all smiling. And a question like that is just fake news. You're just a faker.Well, I never stated my idea, so you tell me what my ideas were. I never stated them. They're your ideas.So don't -- no, no, no, no. Don't put a question like that. I've never stated my ideas, so don't put the question like that.Say it?Do I want him to resign? Let me put it this way: If he did, I wouldn't stop him.He's a very good competitor, but we're going to win.We're going to be spending that money in different ways than you think. But rather than renegotiating everything again, I'm going to do it the way I just said. We'll be distributing that money differently.Called me. A wonderful woman. We had a great conversation. We have a very good relationship with Denmark. And we agreed to speak later. But she was very nice. She put a call in, and I appreciated it very much.Look, China has been hurting our country for 30 years with the money they've been taking out. Other Presidents should've done something about it, and they should've done it a long time ago, whether it was Clinton or Bush or Obama -- any of them. They should've done something about it. And they didn't. I'm doing it. And I have no choice, because we're not going to lose close to a trillion dollars a year to China.And China understands that. I hope that with President Xi -- I have a good relationship, but they understand we're not going to do it. And this is more important than anything else right now -- just about -- that we're working on. We have to make sure that our taxpayer -- look, we have helped rebuild China like nobody else.And they've done a great job. And I don't blame China. I blame our Presidents, our representatives, past administrations, for allowing that to happen. It's a disgrace.So, the economy is doing very, very well. We'll see what happens with the Federal Reserve, whether or not they finally get smart and reduce interest rates, like many other places around the world that we have to compete with. But our economy is the strongest in the world, by far.Nothing even close. And a lot of good things are happening. We had some very good retail numbers this morning, as you saw. And I guess the stock market is quite a bit up.No, I don’t demand it. But if he used his head, he would lower them. In Germany, they have a zero interest rate. And we do compete. We're much stronger than Germany, but we do compete with Germany. In Germany, they have a zero interest rate. And when they borrow money -- I mean, when you look at what happened, look at what's going on over there.They borrow money, and they actually get paid to borrow money. And we have to compete with that. So, if you look at what's happening around the world, Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve have totally missed the call. I was right, and just about everybody admits that. I was right. He did quantitative tightening.He shouldn’t have done that. He raised interest rates too fast, too furious. And we have a normalized rate. I -- you call it that. And now we have to go the other direction. We'll see if he does it. If he does it, you'll see a rocket ship; you'll see a boom. If he does it, we have a very strong economy.But we could have -- we could be -- we could be in a place that this nation was seldom at, if we had interest rates cut by the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve has let us down. They missed the call. They raised them too fast. They raised it too high. And they did quantitative tightening. They shouldn’t have done the tightening and they shouldn’t have raised them to the extent.We could have had some raises but nothing like they did.Oh, I have an appetite for background checks. We're going to be doing background checks. We're working with Democrats. We're working with Republicans. We already have very strong background checks, but we're going to be filling in some of the loopholes, as we call them, at the border. And speaking about at the border, it would be really nice if the Democrats would indeed fix the loopholes, because it would be really nice.But despite that, I want to thank Mexico. They have 26,000 soldiers at our border, and they're really stopping people from coming in.So what happens is -- with background checks, we're dealing with Democrats, we're dealing with Republicans, we're dealing with the NRA, we're dealing with gun owners. We're dealing with everybody. And I think we're going to have something, hopefully, that's meaningful.No, I didn’t say anything about that. We had a great talk with Wayne yesterday. Didn’t say anything about that. We just talked about concepts. Wayne agrees things have to be done also. And we have areas where we can close and -- for instance, we did Fix NICS last time. We have a lot of -- we have a lot of background checks right now.Gun owners can tell you that; others can tell you that. But there are certain weaknesses, and we want to fix the weaknesses. And I think that'll happen. Let's see what happens. I'm concerned that no matter what we agree to, when we get there, I'm concerned the Democrats will say, "Oh, well, we now want this and we want…" And, you know, it's a slippery slope, and that's what, actually, your gun owners and a lot of other people are concerned with.But assuming that that's not going to take place by the Democrats, assuming they really want to get this done, we can get it done.You got to speak up.Well, we're doing a lot having to do with veteran suicide. We have a task force that's set up. There's a product that's made right now, that just came out by Johnson & Johnson, which has a tremendously positive -- pretty short term, but nevertheless positive -- effect. I've instructed the head of the VA to go out and buy a lot of it. And we are buying a lot of it. Hopefully, we're getting it at a very good cost.And this is a -- I guess it's a form of a stimulant where, if somebody is really in trouble from the standpoint of suicide, it can do something. It's pretty well known. Just came out. It's made, I believe, by Johnson & Johnson. And we have calls in now to Johnson & Johnson. Those calls -- we've been dealing with them for two months, on buying a lot.No -- Denmark, I looked forward to going, but I thought that the Prime Minister's statement -- that it was absurd; that it was an absurd idea -- it was nasty. I thought it was an inappropriate statement. All she had to do is say, "No, we wouldn’t be interested." But we can't treat the United States of America the way they treated us under President Obama.I thought it was a very not nice way of saying something. They could’ve told me "no." This is something that's been discussed for many years. Harry Truman had the idea of Greenland. I had the idea. Other people have had the idea. It goes back into the early 1900s. But Harry Truman, very strongly, thought it was a good idea.I think it's a good idea because Denmark is losing $700 million a year with it. It doesn’t do them any good. But all they had to do is say, "No, we'd rather not do that," or "We'd rather not talk about it." Don’t say, "What an absurd idea that is."Because she's not talking to me --Excuse me. She's not talking to me. She's talking to the United States of America. You don’t talk to the United States that way, at least under me. Now, President Obama, when they wouldn’t land -- let him land in the Philippines, when they treated him so badly in so many places -- the Philippines is one that comes to mind -- that's different.That's different. They can treat him any way they want to; that's up to him. But they can't treat the United States with a statement, "How absurd."Let your wife do it.Who's the boss? Who's the boss?I agree. She's the boss. I agree. Go ahead.You got a lot of people. Yes. She's got a lot of people watching. Go ahead.Well, what we're doing is I want guns to be in the hands of people that are mentally stable. And those people, I want them to easily be able to get a gun. But people that are insane, people that are sick up here, I don’t want them to be able to get a gun.If a person is sick, if a person is mentally ill, if a person has done things in their past that are a horror -- like, in the case of Dayton, except it got expunged because, I guess, he was 17 years old. When he wrote a list out, and the list said it was a death -- not about guns. He had a kill list and he had a rape list.But it was 17. And one of the things we're talking about is getting rid of the age limit. He was 17, so when he turned 18, it was expunged. So we didn’t find out about that. And a big percentage of the school, the parents wouldn’t let their kids go to that school because they heard about it. Okay? It was a very big thing.When he was 18, it all went away. We can't let that happen.I do. I do. Yeah. I do. And they die for a lot of other reasons, too. But they do. And as I've said -- and I think I've said it very loudly and plainly, and I don’t think I've changed positions at all: We're working on background checks. There are things we can do. But we already have very serious background checks.We have strong background checks. We can close up the gaps. We can do things that are very good and things that, frankly, gun owners want to have done. But we also have to remember the gun doesn’t pull the trigger, a person does. And we have great mental illness.We’re looking at -- right. We're looking at a lot of different things relative to Antifa. Antifa, in my opinion, is a terrorist organization. You see what they've been doing. We've had great support on that. We're looking at various different things.Go ahead. Behind you. Behind you.No. We're just looking. Greenland was just an idea, just a thought. But I think when they say it was "absurd" and it was said in a very nasty, very sarcastic way, I said, "We'll make it some other time." We'll go to Denmark -- I love Denmark. I've been to Denmark. And, frankly, we'll do it another time. Respect has to be shown to the United States.Go ahead.So, I have been responsible for a lot of great things for Israel. One of them was moving the embassy to Jerusalem, making Jerusalem the capital of Israel. One of them was the Golan Heights. One of them, frankly, is Iran. Iran is a very far weakened nation right now -- much different. Hopefully, if something works out.We'll see. If it happens, it happens.Wait a minute. Wait. Wait. No President has ever done anywhere close to what I've done between Golan Heights, Jerusalem, Iran -- and other things.Excuse me. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. No President has done what I've done. We have a group -- I call it “AOC plus 3” -- you can call the person Representative Tlaib, you could say Representative Omar, you could go anywhere you want to do -- go. They are anti-Semites. They are against Israel. She had a plan to greatly embarrass Israel by going there with the fact that she wanted to see her grandmother.I assume that's true. I hope that's true. But it was very bad. Very bad --the things that she, and others of that group, and other Democrats have said. And they have become the face of the Democratic Party. And I will tell you this: In my opinion, the Democrats have gone very far away from Israel. I cannot understand how they can do that.They don't want to fund Israel. They want to take away foreign aid to Israel. They want to do a lot of bad things to Israel. In my opinion, you vote for a Democrat, you're being very disloyal to Jewish people and you're being very disloyal to Israel. And only weak people would say anything other than that.I haven't heard anybody say that; it's just the opposite.I think that if you vote for a Democrat, you're very, very disloyal to Israel and to the Jewish people.Well, I'm at 94 percent now in the Republican Party -- the highest in history, the highest of any Republican. So, I think they'd have a hard time.Yeah.That was outsmarting Obama. So, Russia outsmarted President Obama. They took over during his term, not during mine -- Crimea.They took over Crimea. If you’d stop being an organ of the Democrats -- I mean, you know, if you'd let me answer the question ---- I'll answer it very easily. It's a very simple question. The fact is, President Putin totally outsmarted President Obama on Crimea and other things, including the red line in the sand, all right? He outsmarted -- he made a living on outsmarting President Obama. And frankly, because of it, Obama was upset and he got Obama out of what was the G8 into the G7. It's come up: Should we put Russia back in? We spend a lot of time talking about Russia at those meetings.And they're not there. I think it would be a good thing if Russia were there so we can speak directly, not have to speak all the -- you know, by telephone and other things. So, here's the thing: It's a vote of what's now the G7. They were taken out because Putin outsmarted -- on Crimea, on the red line, on other things -- totally outsmarted Obama.Obama was upset; they took them out. I think Russia should be a part of it because we're looking for world peace, and it's -- and other things -- trade and other things. And it would be a lot easier to have Russia in, where they had always been.I read the same report as you. I'm not looking to do indexing. I've studied indexing for a long time. I think it will be perceived, if I do it, as somewhat elitist. I don't want to do that. I want taxes for the -- the middle class, the workers, the people that work so hard. That's what I'm looking -- I think indexing is really, probably better for the upper-income groups.I'm not looking to do that. But if I wanted to do it, I believe I could. But I'd need a letter from the Attorney General.So, the fake news, of which many of you are members, is trying to convince the public to have a recession. "Let's have a recession." The United States is doing phenomenally well. But one thing I have to do is economically take on China because China has been ripping us off for many years. President Clinton, President Bush, and President Obama, and others should have done this long before me. My life would be much easier -- although I enjoy doing it -- but my life would be much easier if I just said, "Let China continue to rip off the United States.” All right?It would be much easier, but I can't do that. We are winning against China. They've lost two and a half million jobs in a very short period of time. They want to make a deal. It's got to be a deal that's good for the United States, where they want to make a deal -- probably, we will make a deal. But if I didn't do that -- and I'm not doing this -- somebody said it's Trump's trade war.This isn't my trade war. This is a trade war that should have taken place a long time ago by a lot of other Presidents. Over the last five or six years, China has made $500 billion. $500 billion. Ripped it out of the United States. And not only that -- if you take a look, intellectual property theft. Add that to it. And add a lot of other things to it. So somebody --Excuse me. Somebody had to do it. I am the chosen one. Somebody had to do it. So I'm taking on China. I'm taking on China on trade. And you know what? We're winning. Because we're the piggybank. We're the one that all these countries -- including the European Union -- wants to rob and takes advantage of. European Union -- $200 billion.China -- more than $500 billion. Sorry.I was put here --I was put here by people -- I was put here by people to do a great job. And that's what I'm doing. And nobody has done a job like I've done. Now, would China rather wait for a little more than a year and try and get Sleepy Joe Biden to negotiate with, instead of President Trump? Maybe. But I don't think so. You know why?They're losing too many jobs too fast. They had the worst year in 27 years, but I think it was actually 52 or 54 years. It's the worst year they've had in a half a century. And that's because of me. And I'm not proud of that. But you know what? They want to negotiate. And Sleepy Joe doesn't have a clue. Sleepy Joe said, "Oh, China is wonderful." Well, China is wonderful for China.But I'm wonderful for the U.S.A.Well, we’ll meet at some time. But the Prime Minister used a terrible word when describing something that we’ve been talking about for years with our country. President Truman said, “What about Greenland?” And he talked about it very openly and it was a big deal at the time. And I brought it up again and it was discussed many other times.And I thought it was not a nice statement -- the way she blew me off -- because she is blowing off the United States. And we’ve done a lot for Denmark. We’ve done a lot. I know Denmark well. I have many friends from Denmark. I have many people from Denmark that live in the United States. And we treat countries with respect.She shouldn’t treat the United States that way by saying, “What an abs-…” She said “absurd.” That’s not the right word to use: “absurd.”Louder.Well, if you remember, President Bam- -- Obama had separation. President Obama built the cells. He built the cages that you people always talk about and attribute them to me. President Obama, in 2014, built those cages and you were very embarrassed when the New York Times, as usual, and others, put a picture of a cage and they said how bad Trump was, only to find out that it was President Obama that built those cages.So President Obama had separation. I’m the one that brought them together. This new rule will do even more to bring them together. But it was President Obama that had the separation.Well, we’re being very strong on the border. You see the numbers are way, way down.I want to thank -- I want to thank Mexico for that. The United States could make your question -- could make that problem go away very easily if the Democrats would meet and we could fix the loopholes and asylum, which is what you’re talking about it, to an extent.But let me just tell you: Very much, I have the children on my mind. It bothers me very greatly. People make this horrible, 2,000-mile journey -- one of the things that will happen, when they realize the borders are closing, the wall is being built. We’re building tremendous numbers of miles of wall right now in different locations.It all comes together likes a beautiful puzzle. But one of the things that’s happening -- when they see you can’t get into the United States, or when they see if they do get in the United States, they will be brought back to their country; it won’t matter if they get in or not because we’re doing that -- they won’t come and many people will be saved.And many, many women’s lives will not be destroyed and ruined.I’m not looking at a tax cut now; we don’t need it. We have a strong economy. Certainly, a payroll tax cut -- President Obama did that, in order to artificially jack up the economy. President Obama had zero interest rates. I don’t have zero interest. I have real interest rates. And despite that, I have a strong economy.President Obama did two payroll tax cuts and, despite that, I have a much stronger economy. And if you look at my numbers from November 9th -- you look at them, November 9th to present -- the stock market is up over 50 percent.This guy is the most biased reporter. NBC. You know, I made a lot of money for NBC with “The Apprentice” and I used to like them, but they are the most biased. Peter is such a bias -- You should -- you should be able --You should be able to ask a question -- same question -- in a better way.You are so obviously biased and that’s why the public has no confidence in the media. Go ahead, come here. Go ahead.Joe Biden doesn’t have it.Let me just tell you about Joe Biden.Joe Biden doesn’t have it.Joe Biden doesn’t have it. Go ahead.Well, I think the New York Times now has totally lost credibility. They’ve given up on the Russian collusion delusion, and now what they’re doing is they’re trying the racist deal. And that’s not going to work because I am the least racist person ever to serve in office, okay? I am the least racist person.But the New York Times, they’re trying everything they can. It is a totally dishonest newspaper. It’s a paper that really has lost tremendous credibility. And let me tell you, in six years -- or maybe ten or maybe fourteen, right? In six years, when I’m not here, the New York Times goes out of business very quickly.And you know who else goes out? Like NBC News -- NBC News has less credibility, in my opinion, with guys like you, than CNN. I think CNN has more credibility than NBC News.Did you hear what I said? I said you have more credibility than this guy. Go ahead.And that’s not saying much ---- because I don’t think you have -- I don’t -- you know what? You know why?Because I don’t think you have very much credibility. But I -- I will tell you this: NBC, I think, has less credibility than CNN. That’s not saying much, but that’s the way I feel.Yeah.Mental health -- very important.There are many, many things in play. People are talking about videos. People are talking about lots of different things. But we do have a way of bringing what we already have, because we have many, many -- as you know, we have many, many people that are unable to buy guns right now. Many people are unable to buy guns.We have background checks, but there are loopholes in the background checks. That’s what I spoke to the NRA about yesterday. They want to get rid of the loopholes as well as I do. At the same time, I don’t want to take away people’s Second Amendment rights. I don’t want to take away the Constitution -- having to do with gun ownership.And you know, we can’t let that slope go so easy that we’re talking about background checks, then all of a sudden we’re talking about, “Let’s take everybody’s gun away.” People need weapons, unfortunately, for the protection.No, that’s a Trump talking point. You approve one thing, then another thing, then another thing, then all of a sudden you’re on that slope, and all of a sudden nobody has any legal protection. We have a Second Amendment --Let me just tell you this. We have a Second Amendment, and our Second Amendment will remain strong.Go ahead. Jeff, go ahead.Well, you know, at a certain point, Russia, Afghanistan, Iran, Iraq, Turkey, they’re going to have to fight their battles too, okay? We wiped out the caliphate, 100 percent. I did in record time. But at a certain point, all of these other countries where ISIS is around -- they’ve been decimated, by the way -- badly decimated.But all of these countries are going to have to fight them. Because do we want to stay there for another 19 years? I don’t think so. So at a certain point, other countries -- and that includes Russia and it includes Iran and Turkey and Iraq and Afghanistan and Pakistan and India. Look, India is right there.They're not fighting it; we're fighting it. Pakistan is right next door. They're fighting it very little -- very, very little. It’s not fair. The United States -- we’re 7,000 miles away. We have decimated ISIS. You haven’t been hearing much about ISIS. And we took the caliphate, 100 percent. When I took it at 98 [Percent], I said, "All right, maybe we go home now.Let these other countries handle it." Everyone went crazy. They said, "Do 100 percent." They said it was going to take a year. It took me a month and they're gone. The caliphate is gone. And, by the way, we're holding thousands of ISIS fighters right now, and Europe has to take them. And if Europe doesn’t take them, I'll have no choice but to release them into the countries from which they came, which is Germany, and France, and other places.Because we beat them. We captured them. We've got thousands of them. And now, as usual, our allies say, "Oh no. We don’t want them." Even though they came from France and Germany and other places. So we're going to tell them and we've already told them, "Take these prisoners that we've captured because the United States is not going to put them in Guantanamo for the next 50 years and pay for it."It's moving along, my deadline. They know.I did. I went to the hospitals --I will tell you this: I went to the hospitals. It was totally falsely reported. There were beautiful, beautiful, very sad, you know, horrible moments. But there were beautiful moments, in the sense that these people -- the families and also the people that were so badly injured that I was with -- they love our country.And, frankly, do you want to know the truth? They love their President.And nobody wrote that. Nobody wrote that because you didn’t write the truth. The New York Times doesn’t like to write the truth. But -- but they love -- they totally love our country and they do love our President. So when I went to Dayton, and when I went to El Paso, and I went into those hospitals, the love for me -- and me, maybe, as a representative of the country -- but for me -- and my love for them was unparalleled.These are incredible people. But if you read the papers, it was like nobody would meet with me.Not only did they meet with me, they were pouring out of the room. The doctors were coming out of the operating rooms. There were hundreds and hundreds of people all over the floor. You couldn’t even walk on it. So, you know, there's a lot to happen.The people in Dayton -- let me just explain. The people in Dayton, people of El Paso -- these are incredible people. And those victims and the survivors and the families -- I love those people.Louder. Louder.I've looked at indexing for a long time. It's not something I love. I think it's probably better for the high-income people and I'm not looking to do that. I want to do -- I want to do for the workers. I'm looking to do for middle-income people. I think indexing -- now, I'd have to get a letter from the Attorney General or from the Justice Department, which I think I might be able to get, otherwise they'd have to go through Congress.But I'm not looking at doing indexing. And I haven’t been seriously looking at it. But certainly, it is an option if I wanted to. We have such a strong economy. If the Fed did what they were supposed to do, they'd drop interest rates by 100 basis points. They maybe would do not only not tightening, but they'd do some loosening or leave it alone.Do nothing. But they dropped interest rates by 100 basis points or more, nobody -- nobody would be able to compete with the United States. Right now the Fed is tying our hands because we're paying interest rates, and Germany and other countries that aren’t like us are not. It should be the other way around, in a sense.But why should they be paying no interest rates and even have an incentive beyond that, and we're paying interest rates? The Fed has missed the call for a long time.I think we have a very strong economy. I don’t -- I just don’t see any reason to. I think the Fed has been very late and very early. They were very early to raise and they're very, very late to cut. But the Fed can do the whole thing. Yesterday, we had the strongest dollar in the history of our country.Yester- -- wait. Yesterday, we had the strongest dollar in the history of our country. Now, in one way, I'm honored by that. But in another way, it makes it much harder to export goods. You understand. So in two ways -- one, I love it. But in another way, I don’t like it because it's much harder to compete.But we had literally the strongest dollar in the history of our country.Say it.We're looking at that very seriously -- birthright citizenship. Where you have a baby on our land -- you walk over the border, have a baby. Congratulations, the baby is now a U.S. citizen. We're looking at it very, very seriously. I don’t know how you found that out, but that’s very good. We are looking at birthright citizenship very seriously.It's -- it’s, frankly, ridiculous.Do I what?I am the one that kept the families together. Okay? You remember that, right? Just remember I said it. And now it gets even better: President Obama and others brought the families apart, but I'm the one that kept the families together. With what we're doing now, we'll do even more of that but it'll make it almost impossible for people to come into our country illegally.Plus, we're building large sections of the wall. I won the lawsuit two weeks ago in the Supreme Court. We're building large sections of wall and lots of other things are happening.I do.Oh, I have it with everybody, but he's the one that calls me. You know why? That’s why he's a great executive because he calls me, and others don’t. Others go out and hire very expensive consultants, and Tim Cook calls Donald Trump directly. Pretty good. And I would take their call, too, but the only one that calls me is Tim Cook.He calls me -- whenever there's a problem, he'll call. Now, the problem was that Samsung, a competitor -- a good competitor -- wouldn’t be paying tariffs and Tim Cook would. I've got to help him out, short term, with that problem because it's a great American company. Samsung is in South Korea. Not fair that Samsung isn’t hit, while he's hit.Right? But the reason I speak to Tim Cook: He's the one that calls me. The other ones don’t call. They go out and hire -- for millions of dollars -- consultants that have less power than you do.Oh, I'd say so. Yeah. Yeah.No, no, no. It's only in your head. It's only anti-Semitic in your head. If you look at what Tlaib, Omar, Cortez -- if you look at what these people I say -- if you just -- AOC plus four or plus three. If you look at what they say, what they are -- they are so bad for Israel. They are so bad for Jewish people.You take a look at the horrible, anti-Semitic statements that they've made. You take a look at what they want to do to Israel. Take a look at the fact that they want aid -- all of the aid -- almost $4 billion -- all of the aid cut from Israel. You take a look. You know what? The Democrats have to own it. And I say this: Anybody that votes for Democrat, they're voting for that.That’s the face of your party. And that’s very bad for Israel.You'll find out.You're going to find out.I don’t view it as leverage, no. I hope Hong Kong works out in a very humane way. I don’t view it as leverage or non-leverage. I hope it works out in a humane way. And I think that President Xi has the ability to make sure that happens.So, we had a lot of meetings yesterday on Afghanistan, on the economy -- which is doing very well. We have the strongest economy, by far, in the world. The tariffs have cost nothing, in my opinion, or certainly very little. We have import prices from, and through, July -- all the way through July. And they're down 1.8 percent so that the import prices have actually gone down.China is eating the tariffs because of monetary manipulation. And also, they're pouring a lot of money into their country because they don't want to lose jobs. They're losing, as you probably know, because you reported it, but they lost over 2 million jobs in a short period of time. And they want to make a deal; we'll see what happens.But they definitely want to make a deal. I'd like to see Hong Kong worked out in a very humanitarian fashion. I hope President Xi can do it. He sure has the ability, I can tell you that, from personal knowledge. He certainly has the ability to do it if he wants to. So, I'd like to see that worked out in a humanitarian fashion.I think it would be very good for the trade deal that we're talking about. And other than that, if you have any questions?Well, we're looking at Afghanistan. We're talking to Afghanistan, both the government and also talking to the Taliban, having very good discussions. We'll see what happens. We've really got it down to, probably, 13,000 people. And we'll be bringing it down a little bit more, and then we'll decide whether or not we'll be staying longer or not.We're having very good discussions with the Taliban. We're having very good discussions with the Afghan government.I think just that we've been there for 19 years. We're like a police force. And that's about it, frankly. I think it's very important that we continue intelligence there, in all cases, because it is somewhat of a nest for hitting us. If you look at what happened with the World Trade, it essentially came out of Afghanistan.Most of the people, I think, they may not have come from Afghanistan originally, but that's where they were taught. So there's a big argument to be made. And I buy that argument. You know, it's very tough when somebody says, "Well, this is a big breeding ground." And it is a breeding ground. And we have things under control very well with a small force.We can probably make it a little bit smaller, and then we'll decide. It'll depend on the Taliban. It'll depend on the Afghan government. But there is a case to be made. And the case also is that we're going to be leaving very significant intelligence behind for just the reasons I stated.I can't comment on that. Can't do it, Maggie.Well, I think President Xi obviously has this in mind because he probably would've acted faster. So I think he has at least something in mind, having to do with trade, because it's something he could do fairly easily. It could be, unfortunately, very ruthless. So I do think it plays on his mind, and I do think he -- he's thinking about what I've had to say.It would have an impact on trade; there's no question about it.Little louder, Maggie.Well, Greenland, I don't know -- it got released somehow. It's just something we talked about. Denmark essentially owns it. We're very good allies with Denmark. We protect Denmark like we protect large portions of the world. So the concept came up and I said, "Certainly, I'd be. Strategically, it's interesting, and we'd be interested." But we'll talk to them a little bit.It's not number one on the burner, I can tell you that.Well, a lot of things can be done. I mean, essentially, it's a large real estate deal. A lot of things can be done. It's hurting Denmark very badly because they're losing almost $700 million a year carrying it. So they carry it at a great loss. And, strategically, for the United States, it would be nice.And we're a big ally of Denmark, and we help Denmark and we protect Denmark, and we will. In fact, I'm supposed to stop. I'm thinking about going there. I'm not necessarily definitely going there, but I may be going. We're going to Poland and then we may be going to Denmark -- not for this reason at all.But we're looking at it. It's not number one on the burner.Well, I'm not trusting anybody. Look, I'm not trusting anybody. It's a horrible situation that's going on in Afghanistan. It has been for many years. Russia tried to do something. And at the time they did it, they were the Soviet Union, and now they're Russia. They spent all their wealth on trying to do something in that land.There have been many, many great nations in that land. It's a difficult territory. There are a lot of very good people there, I will say, but they're also good fighters. We have it very much under control as far as what we're doing. But the rest is -- you know, a lot of bad things happen in Kabul. A lot of bad things are happening in Afghanistan, and some very positive things.But we would -- look, we're there for one reason: We don't want that to be a laboratory. Okay? It can't be a laboratory for terror. And we've stopped that, and we have a very, very good view. I mean, some things are going to be announced over the next couple of weeks as to what happened, who's been taken out.A lot of people have been taken out that were very bad -- both ISIS and al Qaeda.Well, I guess that means Lindsey is a very tough man, isn't he? Huh? Okay. What else?No. That was reported. And, actually, it's the opposite. Huawei. Huawei is a company we may not do business with at all. And it was sort of reported, I think the opposite, today -- I was surprised -- that we are open to doing business. We're actually open not to doing business with them. So I don't know who gave the report.Now, they have little sections of Huawei, like furniture and other things that we could do. But when you cut out sections, it gets very complicated: what's being sold, what's coming in. So, at this moment, it looks much more like we're not going to do business. I don't want to do business at all, because it is a national security threat.And I really believe that the media has covered it a little bit differently than that. So we're looking, really, not to do business with Huawei. And we're actually talking about not doing any business, because, again, the rest of it is not national security, but it's very difficult to determine what's coming in and what's not coming in. It's still Huawei.So we'll be making a decision over that in the not-too-distant future. But it's a little bit the opposite of what seemed to be reported this morning.I had a very good meeting with Tim Cook. I have a lot of respect for Tim Cook. And Tim was talking to me about tariffs. And, you know, one of the things -- and he made a good case -- is that Samsung is their number-one competitor, and Samsung is not paying tariffs because they're based in South Korea. And it's tough for Apple to pay tariffs if they're competing with a very good company that's not.I said, "How good a competitor?" He said they are a very good competitor. So, Samsung is not paying tariffs because they're based in a different location, mostly South Korea, but they're based in South Korea. And I thought he made a very compelling argument, so I'm thinking about it.Well, I hope not. I love Larry Kudlow. I think he's done a fantastic job. He has been going through health problems, as you know. But I watched him this morning; he was terrific. I think Larry is a fantastic guy. But I haven't heard that at all.I don't see a recession. I mean, the world is in a recession right now. And -- although, that's too big a statement. But if you look at China, China is doing very, very poorly. They've had -- I just saw a report -- they've had the worst year they've had in 27 years because of what I've done. And they want to come to the negotiating table.You know, they're having companies lose -- I mean, they're leaving. The companies are leaving. And they're laying off millions of people because they don't want to pay 25 percent. And that's why they want to come to the table. I don't think there's another reason other than President Xi, I'm sure, likes me very much.But they're losing millions and millions of jobs in China. And we're not paying for the tariffs; China is paying for the tariffs, for the one-hundredth time. And I understand tariffs work very well. Other countries it may be that if I do things with other countries. But in the case of China, China is eating the tariffs, at least so far.Yeah. Phil, honestly, I'm prepared for everything. I don't think we're having a recession. We're doing tremendously well. Our consumers are rich. I gave a tremendous tax cut, and they're loaded up with money. They're buying. I saw the Wal-Mart numbers; they were through the roof, just two days ago. That's better than any poll.That's better than any economist. And most economists actually say, Phil, that we're not going to have a recession. Most of them are saying we're not going to have a recession. But the rest of the world is not doing well like we're doing. The rest of the world, if you look at Germany, if you look at European Union; frankly, look at the UK -- I mean, look at a lot of countries -- they're not doing well.China is doing poorly. Parts of Asia are doing poorly. We are doing better than any country, or even area, anywhere in the world. We're doing great. And our consumer is really, really strong, and it looks like they're going to be for a long time. Also, when you go in and analyze the curve, the curve always means that about two years later maybe you'll go in. That's a long time -- two years.But I don't think so. Interest rates are low. I think I could be helped out by the Fed, but the Fed doesn't like helping me too much. But, you know, frankly, we have money that's pouring into our country because they want the security of the United States. We have billions and billions of dollars daily that's pouring in -- we've never had anything like this -- because they want to come into the United States.That's a great thing. That means we can loan that money out. Mortgage rates are at an all-time low. Borrowing costs are at an all-time low. It's probably a great time. I told Secretary Mnuchin that this is a great time to refinance our bonds, or some of our bonds. You know, it's -- I mean, the money is pouring into the U.S. like never before and like no other country has ever experienced, including China money.I mean, China money -- everybody -- they're all coming into the U.S. So we've never had anything like it. I think our economy is very, very good.Well, I'd be prepared for it. We can do -- sure, we can do a lot of things. But if it slowed down, it would be because I have to take on China and some other countries. Look, you have other countries that are just as bad as China, the way they treat us. You take a look at what's happening with the European Union; they have barriers, they have tariffs.Take a look at other -- I'm not going to mention all the countries because you'll be surprised. But we're treated very badly -- a lot of them by our allies. We're treated very badly. When all of that normalizes, we've got a rocket ship. Our country is going to be stronger, by far, than ever before. I mean, if I wanted to make a bad deal and settle on China, the market would go up but it wouldn't be the right thing to do. I'm just not ready to make a deal yet.China would like to make a deal. I'm not ready.No, no update, other than Iran would like to talk also. I have to say "also." China wants to talk, but Iran would like to talk. They just don't know quite how to get there. Look, they're very proud people, but their economy is crashing. It's crashing. Inflation is through the roof. They're doing really badly.They're not selling oil. Even -- I mean, we put the sanctions on. The oil is selling much less -- I mean, much less -- than we thought. It's like a trickle. And they very much want to make a deal. They just don't know how to call because they're proud people, and I understand that. But I have a feeling that maybe things with Iran could work out, and maybe not.If you notice, they haven't taken any of our boats. They haven't taken our ships. They've taken ships, but they haven't taken our ships, and they better not. But I will say this: I really think that Iran wants to get there. They have a great potential. I say this about North Korea. North Korea has tremendous potential.Also, Iran has tremendous potential, and we can do something very fast, but they don't quite know how to begin because they're proud people. They're very proud people. But their country is crashing. Their economy is a disaster. They've got to do something, so let's see what happens.So, Congress is working on that. They have bipartisan committees working on background checks and various other things. And we'll see. I don't want people to forget that this is a mental health problem. I don't want them to forget that, because it is. It's a mental health problem. And as I say -- and I said the other night in New Hampshire; we had an incredible evening -- I said: It's the people that pull the trigger.It's not the gun that pulls the trigger. So we have a very, very big mental health problem, and Congress is working on various things, and I'll be looking at it. We're very much involved. We're very much involved in looking at what they're studying.Well, we're going to look at a whole list of things, and I'll make a determination then. But I will say, Congress is now, as you know, meeting in a bipartisan way. We'll see what happens. A lot of things are happening on the gun level. A lot of things are happening. But you have to remember, also, it's a big mental -- I was talking about mental institutions.They closed so many -- like 92 percent -- of the mental institutions around this country over the years, for budgetary reasons. These are people that have to be in institutions for help. I'm not talking about as a form of a prison. I'm saying for help. And I think it's something we have to really look at -- the whole concept for mental institutions.I remember, growing up, we had mental institutions. Then they were closed -- in New York, I'm talking about. They were -- many of them were closed. A lot of them were closed. And all of those people were put out on the streets. And I said -- even as a young guy, I said, "How does that work? That's not a good thing." And it's not a good thing.So I think the concept of mental institution has to be looked at. Unrelated to that, I believe that the concept also of voter identification has to be looked at, because you can't have great security for the voter. People that vote, you can't have that national security unless you're going to have voter identification.It's something people have to look at very strongly.Yeah, I did. We had a lot of meetings, and the golf was the least of it. I played two days. The golf was the least of it. I don't care about -- look, I like golf; it's fine. It's so unimportant to me. Usually, I'll play with senators, I'll play with people where it can help. Golf is not important from that standpoint other than it's a little form of exercise, and that's not so bad.Yeah, yeah. Yeah, there is. I mean, I've approved the deal. The deal is approved. Got to be approved by the Senate, but I've approved the deal. It's $8 billion. It's a lot of money. That's a lot of jobs. And we know they're going to use these F-16s responsibly. But we approved the deal. A lot of money. And it's a great aircraft.And we really believe -- or we perhaps wouldn't have done it -- they're going to use it very responsibly. But it's tremendous numbers of jobs. It's $8 billion.No, no, just -- I said, "unrelated." I wanted to bring that out while I'm here with you. I think voter ID laws are -- if you look, voter identification. So when people show up to vote -- because, if you look, Judicial Watch made a settlement with California, I guess, or Los Angeles, where they found over a million names that was very problematic -- a problem.And you just take a look at that settlement; that's a lot of names. You had people that were well over 100 years old that were voting, but we know they're not around any longer. So, you have a lot of voter fraud. The way you stop it, the easiest way, is voter identification. We have to go and think about that.I hope Republicans and Democrats can vote, sit down, and work something out on voter ID.Well, let the commission -- the commission was having a tremendous problem, legally, getting papers from various states like California. They were absolutely hard-lining. They didn't want to give this commission -- it was just a quick commission, headed up by Vice President Pence, to look at voter fraud.The problem the commission had is we had to have a vast amount of lawyers, which I didn't want to bother with, because California and other states were giving up no information whatsoever. And the reason they weren't giving up information is because they were guilty. They were guilty of it. And they know they're guilty of it. Many, many people voted that shouldn't have been voting.Some people voted many times. What I'm saying is we need voter identification. We need voter ID.Maybe. Maybe. I don't think Denmark has been absolutely set in stone yet, going there. But if I did, I'd certainly talk about it. But not -- not top in the list.We haven't gotten there yet. First, we have to find out whether or not they have any interest. Look, they're losing almost $700 million carrying it. That's a lot of money for Denmark. They're losing a tremendous amount of money. So we'll see what happens.Well, Fox has always given me -- I'll tell you, Fox is a lot different than it used to be, I can tell you that. Juan Williams. Then they have the wonderful woman that gave Hillary Clinton the questions. That was a terrible thing. And all of a sudden, she's working for Fox. What's she doing working for Fox? Fox has changed.And my worst polls have always been from Fox. There's something going on at Fox, I'll tell you right now. And I'm not happy with it.I don't know what's happening with Fox, but when they have, like, a Juan Williams, who has never said a positive thing, and yet, when I show up at the Fox building, he's out there, "Oh, sir, can I have a picture with you? Could I have a picture?" And he was 100 percent nice. I mean, you've never asked me for a picture.No. No. They have to run it the way they want to run it. But Fox is different. There's no question about it. And I think they're making a big mistake, because Fox was treated very badly by the Democrats -- very, very badly -- having to do with the debates and other things. And I think Fox is making a big mistake.Because, you know, I'm the one that calls the shots on that -- on the really big debates. I guess we're probably planning on three of them.Well, I'm very -- I'm not happy with Fox. I'm certainly happy -- I think Sean Hannity, and Lou Dobbs, and I think Tucker Carlson and Laura and Jesse Watters, and Jeanine. We have a lot of great people. Even Greg Gutfeld; he wasn't good to me two years ago. Now he sees all I've done, and he said, "Would you rather have a great President or a nice guy?" I don't know, I think I'm a nice guy.But nobody has done in two and a half years what I've done. And I say that a lot. And very few people can challenge it. The first two and a half years, nobody has done what I've done in terms of tax cuts, regulation cuts, the military, the vets, the Choice, so many different things. Nobody has done that.Yeah.Well, I'm talking to my people, but ultimately, we don't want to do business with Huawei for national security reasons.We'll see what happens. I'm making a decision tomorrow. It could be temporary -- could be -- and maybe not. But we're going to make a decision tomorrow.I don't believe it.I don't believe it. Every place I go, we have lines outside. Then we have even phony stuff with that. You guys were in New Hampshire. Maggie was there. You saw, that room was packed. And they had thousand -- Maggie -- there were thousands of people outside. And then, I see some phony website some wise guys put up. That place was packed.And the New York Times actually saw that, and actually, there was a massive flag behind -- and even the seats behind the flag where you had no view --Because those people came down to be on the floor.But all of the people -- any empty seat, you had the people come down to be on the floor because they were so far away. Plus, you had a big flag. Look, we had, I think they said, 17,000 people outside that couldn't get in. The fire marshals close it at a certain level. The arena announced -- I don't know the people at the arena -- that I broke Elton John's record.And then, I have fake news. The fact is that people tend, during a speech that I make, they love to come down to the floor if they're sitting in the high areas. And they're not allowed, for fire reasons, to have any more people. So, that was an amazing evening, and you saw the enthusiasm. But we had a lot of people sitting behind that massive American flag that couldn't see, so they moved over and they moved down, and they came down to the floor as the speech started.But Maggie Haberman was very fair. And she was there and she saw the beginning of that speech. Every seat was packed. But then they tend to come down. They do it all the time.Oh, I don't know. Phil. Phil, what can I tell you? Do I think I'm going to win? Yes. Do I think I have more enthusiasm now than I had before this -- you know, the 2016 election? Yes. I think we're -- I think you people do too. And some of you have reported it. I think there is more enthusiasm for President Trump than there was even for Mr. Trump.Because what I said that I was going to do, I did. The tax cut, the regulation cuts -- the biggest in history. In two and a half years, more than -- and that's one of the reasons our jobs are so good, because of the regulation cuts.I just don't want to comment on thatWell, I can speak to him any time. But he understands how I feel. I just can't comment as to whether or not I spoke to him. But I will tell you this: We're having very, very substantive talks with China, and with others, but with China.I can't believe it. You know, I tell you, I've never seen 2 million people. When you talk about crowd size, Maggie, those are serious crowds -- the Hong Kong crowds. I mean, when they said 2 million people on the streets, that really looked like 2 million people on the streets.No, I think it would be very hard to deal if they do violence. I mean, if it's another Tiananmen Square, it's -- I think it's a very hard thing to do if there's violence. And, you know, that -- I'm President, but that's a little beyond me because I think there'd be -- you know, I think there'd be tremendous political sentiment not to do something.So I hope -- because I think we're going to end up doing a very good deal. And I think China, by the way, needs a deal much more than we do. But I really do believe that if this weren't part of the deal, possibly something would have happened already a long time ago.Well, I'll tell you what I do support: I support liberty. I support democracy. I understand what's going on very well over there. I'd love to see it worked out in a humane fashion. And I think they have a great chance of doing it. Look, I put out -- and I told you that I really believe -- I have a confidence in the -- in the talents of President Xi. I think if he met with the protestors, within a very short period of time, they would work something out that's good for everybody.I really believe that. He's a very talented man. I mean, aside from everything, he's a very talented man. He's very smart, very talented. And I know him well, probably as well as anybody, And I believe if he sat down with them -- now, you know, he's not -- that's not his deal, sitting down with people. You know, he doesn't do that.But I think, maybe, the world changes. I really believe if President Xi sat down with representatives of the protestors -- and they do have representatives; pretty good representatives, pretty strong representatives. I've been watching and seeing them. If he sat down, I think he'd work something out. And I think it would be good for everybody.But it does put pressure on the trade deal. If they do something negative, it puts pressure. Now, that deal I can sign by myself. It's structured so I don't have to go to Congress. But I respect Congress. I respect the views of Congress. And I respect, most importantly, the views of the people of our country.And I think it would be much harder for me to sign a deal if he did something violent in Hong Kong.Are you talking about the ---- rescission? Yeah. I support many of those things. We'll negotiate it out. But, you know, I've cut back a lot on countries. You know, we give billions of dollars to countries that don't even like us. And I've been cutting that a lot. We give billions and billions of dollars to countries that don't like us -- don't like us even a little bit.And I've been cutting that. And we just put a package of about 4 billion additional dollars in. And, in some cases -- you know, in some cases, I could see it both ways. In some cases, these are countries that we should not be giving to.I don't think so. No, I don't think so. And if I thought it would, I'd probably do it. But, you know, I cut back $1.3 billion a year to Pakistan. And when I cut it back, I have a better relationship with -- as you know, the President came in, and we have a great relationship. Prime Minister came in. We have a great relationship with Pakistan now.He -- we had a really good meeting. So, what happened: I cut back $1.3 billion. We have a better relationship now. I also cut it back on the Palestinians because they speak very badly about our country. So I cut it back on the Palestinians. We were paying $500 billion a year, and now we're paying nothing.But I think we're going to get further because I could see opening that up again. I think we're going to do much better the way I'm doing it. You know, we're trying to negotiate a peace deal. Everybody said that's the deal that's totally impossible. They talk about a deal between the Palestinians and the Israelis as the toughest deal you could possibly do, no matter what deal you're talking about.And I stopped payment on $500 million a year, but I think they're going to make a deal. And I think one of the reasons they'd want to make a deal is because of that. Okay?I probably will wait, but we may put out pieces of it. We have some very talented people -- as you know, our great ambassador and others. We have some very talented people. But that's probably the toughest deal of all -- peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians -- because they've been decades of hate.And it's tough to make a deal when there's that much hate. But I think I've helped it very much by saying, "Look, until there's a deal, we're not going to pay you anymore." And other people should have done that long before me. So these are things, when you talk about rescission -- and that's not part of rescission, by the way -- but we have a lot of things like that in the rescission.Phil?I think we have a great Cabinet. Yeah, there will always be people changed, because, you know, after -- you're going to be three years now. It's a long time. They're under a lot of pressure. And -- but I think we have a great Cabinet. I really do. I think our Cabinet is terrific. Some of them will leave for a period of time; they may come back.I mean, the relationship I have is very good with the Cabinet and with others. But, you know, it's almost three years now, if you can believe it. Right? And at a certain point of time, people do tend to leave.Well, I haven't said whether or not I would, but I would say NAFTA is one of the worst deals ever made in the history of trade deals. If you look at NAFTA, and you take a look at what it's done to our country, thousands of factories closed, millions of jobs. It's been a one-way street. And the USMCA is a great deal.The unions love it. The farmers love it. Everybody wants it. But it's up to Nancy Pelosi. If she wants to put it for a vote, she's going to get overwhelming bipartisan support. And I view that as a bipartisan deal. I would imagine she'd put it up. There's an easy thing to do. It will be totally bipartisan, which is good for the Democrats and the Republicans.And everybody wants it. I mean, the unions like it. The unions hated NAFTA, but they love the USMCA. The farmers, above all, love it, especially the American farmers. Our farmers love it more than the other two sides. They love it. So, a lot of good things going. But we have to see; they have to put it up for a vote.You know, it's political season, if you haven't noticed. So they have to put it up for a vote.Yeah, at some point, maybe, if she wanted to. Yeah.I really haven't. I've been talking to a lot of people.No, I'm very happy with Mike Pence.I think Mike Pence has been an outstanding VP. I think that he's been incredible in terms of the love that a lot of people -- especially if you look at the Evangelicals and so many others, they really have a great respect for our Vice President. And so do I. And so do, I think, most people. No, I wouldn't -- I wouldn't be thinking about that.A lot of people -- a lot of people, you know, amazingly, they bring different names up. And they brought a lot of different names up.And that's -- and that's, by the way -- [Laughs] -- at some point, I'll let you know -- but that's, by the way, standard. You know, that's standard. Everybody thought that President Obama was going to change Biden. They all thought that in the, you know, second term, he was going to change it. Everybody thought it. And he didn't do that.But, no, I'm very happy with Mike Pence.Thank you all. Thank you.Which one?So, Congress is looking at it very strongly. Bipartisan. I put in certain parameters, which you somewhat know about. I'm also very, very concerned with the Second Amendment, more so than most Presidents would be. People don't realize we have very strong background checks right now. If you go in to buy a gun, you have to sign up. There are a lot of background checks that have been approved over the years.So I'll have to see what it is. But Congress is meeting. Bipartisan. A lot of people want to see something happen. But just remember this: Big mental problem, and we do have a lot of background checks right now.I'm not saying anything. I'm saying Congress is going to be reporting back to me with ideas. And they'll come in from Democrats and Republicans. And I'll look at it very strongly. But just remember, we already have a lot of background checks. Okay? Thank you.Say it?I have. Well, I spoke to him a week ago. And, look, I've had a great relationship with the NRA, and I will always have a great relationship. I've been very good for the NRA. If you just look -- I mean, we have now two Supreme Court justices -- great ones. And who would have thought that was going to happen in, you know, long prior to three years?So, we have two. And equally importantly, we will have, within another 90 days, 179 federal judges. And I say, "Thank you very much, President Obama." Because he was unable to get them filled. I don't know what happened to him, but he was unable. So, President Obama did not do his job. And I inherited 138 empty positions.And, honestly, from his standpoint, and the standpoint of where he's coming from, that shouldn't have happened. And we did do one other thing. I saw last night where some people were talking about criminal justice reform -- very liberal Democrats. I'm the one that got it done. And I saw that, and I said, "You know, isn't it a shame?You do something…" -- and I've had very conservative people wanting it and very liberal people wanting it. But if you take a look at -- if you take a look at that reform package, without Donald Trump, it doesn't happen. And you know what? I don't need the credit. I get enough credit. But they never even mention my name.And these were people that were begging me to do it -- calling me, begging me like you've never seen. And now that criminal justice reform is done -- beautiful package, wonderful -- they don't even mention my name. So stupid. So stupid. Thank you. Thank you.So, tremendous retail numbers were announced today, which really is a great indicator of how well our country is doing, how well our economy is doing. Those are real numbers. Walmart announced; others announced. We had some tremendous numbers come out today, which I'm sure you saw. So we're very happy about that.We're doing very well. The economy is incredible. The consumer -- probably above all else, the consumer is doing incredibly. So, go ahead. Any questions?Well, I think we're going to have a very long period of wealth and success. Other countries are doing very poorly. As you know, China is doing very, very poorly. The tariffs have really bitten into China. They haven't bitten into us at all -- except for the reporters that want to make it look that way, but they don't understand what's happening.The tariffs, we've taken in close to $60 billion in tariff money. And the consumer has not paid for them. Now, at some point, they may have to pay something. But they understand that. And who really understands that is our great farmer. The farmers of this country really understand it. They know we had to do something about China, and we're doing something about China.With that being said, I think we're having very good discussions with China. They very much want to make a deal. We'll see what happens. We had a deal and they decided not to make it. Now, I think they would like to have had that opportunity again, because I think they really would --I think they really missed a great opportunity. I think they feel that they missed a great opportunity. But China very much wants to make a deal. We're talking to them. We'll see what happens. Yeah.Well, I'm only involved from the standpoint of they are very anti-Jewish and they're very anti-Israel. I think it's disgraceful, the things they've said. You have lists of -- and this isn't just a one-line mistake; what they've said about Israel and Jewish people is a horrible thing. And they've become the face of the Democrat Party.So I did absolutely put out a very strong statement. I think, if you look at their language, if you look at what they've said, if I ever said it, it would be a -- it would be a horrible -- it would be a horrible month, to put it mildly. So the things that they've said -- Omar, Tlaib -- what they've said is disgraceful.So I can't imagine why Israel would let them in. But if they want to let them in, they can. But I can't imagine why they would do it.No, I think the longer the trade war goes on, the weaker China gets and the stronger we get. We're taking in massive amounts of money. Billions and billions of dollars, Steve, as you know. And I think the longer it goes, the stronger we get. I have a feeling it's going to go fairly short. I think it's going to be – China has lost millions of jobs; you saw that reported today.Thousands of companies are closing in China. And I don't know, you know, maybe they want to do this for a year. They'd love to have somebody like Biden, who doesn't know what he's doing. I mean, I just put a clip where he said, "Oh, we want to build up China. We want to build up China." Well, they gave us a very strong China.China has taken out over $500 billion a year for many years from our country. And that's not going to happen anymore.Well, I am concerned. I wouldn't want to see a violent crackdown. I put a little bit of a memo out last night. He's a man I like a lot. I get along with him very well -- President Xi. And I said that I would be willing to bet that if he sat down with the protesters -- a group of representative protesters -- I bet he'd work it out in 15 minutes.I bet he'd work it out very quickly. I know it's not the kind of thing he does, but I think it wouldn't be a bad idea. I really believe if he sat down -- they have a certain little leadership pool. If he sat down with that leadership pool, I'll bet he'd work something out very quickly. It really seems like things -- it could be worked out pretty easily.I don't want to comment about who I spoke to, but I think my social media statement pretty well speaks for itself. I feel that they are so anti-Israel, so anti-Jewish. Again, if other people made that statement, there would have been hell to pay. So -- but I did speak to people over there. Yeah.Well, if they did retaliate -- which I don't think they will do because we're talking to them and they're offering things that are very good. I don't think they'll retaliate. But if they did, we have the ultimate form of retaliation. I think that they'd have very few jobs left in China, because we'd be able to step it up. Just so you understand, I've been very mild about it. Very, very mild.There's a long way I can go. And somebody had to take on what was happening with China. We can't allow China to take, out of our country, $507 billion every year, not including intellectual property theft and so many other things. So, we're having very good talks with China. I think things will happen, but we'll see.Well, that's too -- I -- look, September, the meeting is still on, as I understand it. But I think, more importantly than September, we're talking by phone and we're having very productive talks. They would like to do something, I will tell you that. And the talk we had a few days ago with my two representatives, nobody knew what was on that talk except for myself, China, and those two people.That was a very good conversation.Jay Powell should be cutting rates because every country all over the world is cutting, and we want to stay, sort of, even. And I don't mind if we're higher -- we're better -- we're a better credit -- but we're way too high. Jay Powell has made a big mistake. He raised them too fast, and he also quantitative tightened.He did quantitative tightening. That was a big mistake -- $50 billion a month. And it put us in a position. And interestingly, even with normalized interest rates, President Obama was paying nothing. And we have a much better economy. And you have to look at our economy also from the day after my election, because we picked up tremendous steam the day after the election.That's not attributable to President Obama. They only did that because of us. So when somebody says "from January 20th," it's not from January 20th; it's from November 9th, the day after the election. We picked up. The fact that I won lifted our economy greatly. And if I didn't win, it would go down.And, frankly, if, for some reason that happened in the 2020 election, you'll see this economy go down the tubes. I will tell you that right now.They want to follow through very quickly. This was part of the conversation that we had. They had a special representative actually come over and talk to us -- a different group -- and a message to me, a very strong message to me. They want to start doing that very quickly. I'll be honest, I'm not there yet.It's not China; I'm not there yet. We'll see what happens. I do want to -- I really would like to see China, in a humane way, solve the problem in Hong Kong -- humanely solve the problem in Hong Kong. And I think they could do it very quickly. You know, I said yesterday: I really have a lot of confidence in President Xi. I know that if he sat down with their representatives, I have no doubt he would solve that problem quickly.No, I don't encourage or discourage. I think that if Israel allowed them to come in for the normal reasons, other than those reasons, I really believe that it would be a terrible thing for Israel. I think it would show a terrible sign. They want to do boycotts. They said horrible things about Jewish people.They said horrible things about Israel and Israelis. I think it would be terrible thing, frankly, for Israel to let these two people, who speak so badly about Israel, come in. And they have become, amazingly, the face of the Democrats. The Democrats don't want to do anything to condemn them. If they were -- if this were 10 years ago, or if this were maybe a different time or different people or whatever, they would be condemned for the things they've said.They've said some of the worst things I've ever heard said about Israel. So how can Israel say, "Oh, welcome"? I don't think it would be a good thing for Israel.I don't know the situation with Steve King. It looked like -- I read a statement that supposedly he made. I haven't been briefed on it, but certainly it wasn't a very good statement.So, we're dealing with the UK on trade and a trade deal, and we're going to have a great deal made. I've been dealing with Boris Johnson. I just spoke to him yesterday. I'll speak to him again. He and I are very much aligned. We feel very good about each other. I think we'll make a fantastic and big trade deal with the UK. Actually, we should do much more business than we're doing with the UK. You know, it's a -- they're probably -- I don't want to say our "closest," because I don't want to insult other people, but certainly -- or countries -- but certainly they're one of our closest allies anywhere in the world.And we're going to have a fantastic relationship with UK. And we're going to have a great trade deal with UK. And that's moving along rapidly.I think just relationship. We'll see what happens. We have a lot of things to discuss, a lot of things to discuss.I don't know. Corey Lewandowski, I think, would be terrific if he ran, but I don't know that he's going to run. I spoke to him about it a week ago. Frankly, I think it's something he'd like to do, but I don't know that he's going to do it. I think he'd be very good. He loves New Hampshire.He loves our country. If he did it, I think he'd be very formidable.We're going to look at that very closely, and we're looking at the whole gun situation. I do want people to remember the words "mental illness." These people are mentally ill and nobody talks about that. But these are mentally ill people, and people have to start thinking about it. I think we have to start building institutions again because, you know, if you look at the '60s and '70s, so many of these institutions were closed.And the people were just allowed to go onto the streets. And that was a terrible thing for our country. They closed them; cities couldn't afford them and they closed them. I mean, I can tell you: In New York, they closed a lot of them. And the people went out; they went out onto the streets. And it's a terrible thing.But a lot of our conversation has to do with the fact that we have to open up institutions. We can't let these people be on the streets. So, we have a tremendous crowd in New Hampshire. It's -- all over the place, everybody is saying, "Wow." Our competitor has virtually no crowd. I don't know what that means.I assume that's a poll of some kind. But I think we're going to do very well in New Hampshire. New Hampshire should have been won last time, except we had a lot of people come in at the last moment, which was a rather strange situation. Thousands and thousands of people coming in from locations unknown.But I knew where their location was.But I think we're going to have -- I think we're going to have a tremendous success in New Hampshire. These are great people. And the relationship is very good.We're looking at it. I feel very badly. I think he was very harshly sentenced, but we're looking at it very strongly. People feel very strongly about that. I floated it and I wanted to see where the Democrats stood, where the Republicans stood. People feel very strongly about Rod Blagojevich and his sentence.He's been in there for seven and a half years; that's a long time. And what he did was terrible, but it's a long time. It's a long time.I've been dealing with Mitch McConnell. He's a man who we have had tremendous success with judges and judicial appointments. We're going to be up to 179 federal judges within the next two months. Nobody would have believed that's possible. And that was because President Obama was unable to get them completed.So I inherited about 138 empty seats. Nobody can believe it. And we will have them almost all filled with tremendous judges and tremendously talented, smart people. They'll be filled within two months. So I have 179 judges and 2 Supreme Court justices. That's something that nobody would have ever thought possible.I want to thank, very much, President Obama for that.Yeah, we do. I've been speaking to Mitch about that. I've been speaking to everybody about it. And we don't want to see crazy people owning guns. But I also want to remember that mental illness is something nobody wants to talk about. These people are mentally ill and we have to study that also. Because, you know, it's them; they pull the trigger.The gun doesn't pull the trigger. They pull the trigger. So we have to look very seriously at mental illness, and we're doing that at a level that hasn't been done before. Okay?Yeah. Yeah. I'm speaking to many Republicans. And I'll tell you, it's -- it's been pretty -- an amazing experience. They want to see something happen. And basically, it's very simple, they don't want to have insane people, dangerous people, really bad people having guns. Republicans agree with me on that, I think, you know, I would say, pretty much uniformly.Well, I'm afraid that if we came up with a good bill, I think the Democrats then might up it, and then do things that can't be done and that the public wouldn't want done. I hope that wouldn't happen, but that's happened in the past. You understand.I support strong, meaningful background checks, where people that should not have guns, people that are insane, people that are mentally ill, people that are bad, bad people -- like this guy in Philadelphia, who has been arrested numerous times; he's a bad guy -- where people like that would not have guns.And, frankly, people like that should be locked up. He shouldn't have even been on the streets. Thank you. Thank you very much.I will speak to him. We have a call scheduled soon -- President Xi. We'll be speaking to him very soon. I really believe he can work it out. I know him well. If he wants to, he can work that out in a very humane fashion. He can work something that everybody is happy. Thank you.The stock market continues to do very well. We have very, very strong numbers. We have a lot of artificial numbers from other countries because they're all devaluing their currencies. They're really doing things that aren't very good for their countries, in my opinion. But, short term, it's very good for their countries.Long term, possibly not. And we're not following suit. We have a Fed that decides not to cut interest rates, which is a very bad thing. Because, right now, we have to follow suit; we should be following suit. But we have a very powerful country, a very strong economic and military country. We've never been better.The stock market is way up today for various reasons, including tariffs. I just see where we've collected close to $59 billion in tariffs so far. And, in my opinion, the consumer has not paid for it because of the devaluation by China. They devalued and they pumped a lot of money into their system. So, it's really been an amazing -- it's been an amazing period of time.Yeah.Only to help, I think, a lot of different groups of people. And we had a very good talk yesterday with China -- a very, very productive call. I think they want to do something. I think they'd like to do something dramatic. I was not sure whether or not they wanted to wait until a Democrat has a chance to get in. Hopefully that's not going to happen because the economy would go to hell in a handbasket very fast.But they really would like to make a deal. The call itself was very productive. I'm not sure if it was the tariffs or the call, but the call was very productive. Again, they've said this many times; they've said they're going to buy farm products. So far, they've disappointed me with the truth. They haven't been truthful, or, let's say, they've certainly delayed the decision.But it's their intention to buy a lot of farm product. And we did -- we had a very good call with China. I mean, they would really like to do -- as you know, they have a problem in Hong Kong, but they would like very much to do something.No, we're doing this for Christmas season, just in case some of the tariffs would have an impact on U.S. customers, which, so far, they've had virtually none. The only impact has been that we've collected almost $60 billion from China -- compliments of China. But just in case they might have an impact on people, what we've done is we've delayed it so that they won't be relevant for the Christmas shopping season.Yeah, he's a very highly respected, conservative pundit. He's a big Trump fan. That was a retweet. That wasn't from me; that was from him. But he's a man who has half a million followers. A lot of followers. And he's respected. And, as you know, Bill Barr wants to do an entire investigation of the whole Epstein matter, what happened.He's been going on for a long -- that's been going on for a long time, the whole Epstein episode. And I know it's under investigation by Attorney General Barr, and I'm sure he's going to be handling it. The retweet, which is what it was -- it was a retweet -- was from somebody that's a very respected, conservative pundit.So I think that was fine. Yeah.No, basically what we're saying is we want an investigation. I want a full investigation, and that's what I absolutely am demanding. That's what our Attorney General -- our great Attorney General -- is doing. He's doing a full investigation.The Hong Kong thing is a very tough situation. Very tough. We'll see what happens. But I'm sure it'll work out. I hope it works out for everybody, including China, by the way. I hope it works out for everybody.Oh, it's a very tricky situation. I think it'll work out. And I hope it works out for liberty. I hope it works out for everybody, including China. I hope it works out peacefully. I hope nobody gets hurts. I hope nobody gets killed.Well, I've always been optimistic. My only question is whether or not they were willing to wait and take the chance on winning the election and deal with somebody who's weak and ineffective and doesn't know what he's doing or she's doing, like they've had in the past. This should have been done 25 years ago.It should have been done 10 years ago or 5 years ago. This should have been done a long time ago. This should have been done by Biden and Obama. China is taking out $500 billion a year, and much more than that, if you include the theft of intellectual property. What I'm doing now should have been done many years ago.Well, I don't think it's fair to have the American taxpayer -- you know, it's about "America First." I don't think it's fair to have the American taxpayer paying for people to come into the United States. So what we've done is institute what took place many, many years ago -- at our founding, virtually.But we are just reinstituting it. And I think it's long overdue. I am tired of seeing our taxpayer paying for people to come into the country and immediately go onto welfare and various other things. So I think we're doing it right.I think that what Chris Cuomo did was horrible. His language was horrible. He looked like a total, out-of-control animal. He lost it. And, frankly, I don't think anybody should defend him because he spews lies every night. So I don't know why anybody would defend him. But Chris Cuomo was out of control.I watched it. I thought it was terrible. So I don't know who's defending him. Maybe they didn't see it. Maybe they haven't gotten a full picture. But I think anybody that would have seen Chris Cuomo would have said that was a disgrace. You've never seen me do that.Well, I think Chris Cuomo was so out of control that I would not have wanted to see a weapon in his hand. I guess his fist is not a weapon or he would have done something. You know, he talked about it but he didn't do anything. But I think Chris Cuomo was very much out of control, actually.Well, Anthony was a guy who worked for me, who really didn't have a clue. He worked for 11 days. He made terrible statements and gestures and everything to people that worked in the office. I think you've heard Mercedes Schlapp talk about it in great detail. Anthony didn't support me at the beginning; he was with somebody else and then he went to somebody else.And he only supported me after it was a foregone conclusion that I was going to win. I'm not a fan of Anthony. I haven't been for a long time. I think Anthony is really somebody that's very much out of control. And he doesn't have what it takes. I mean, he really doesn't. He wanted to come back into the administration for the last five months, begging me to come back in. I said, "Anthony, I can't take you in. I'm sorry." He called so much.He's a nervous, neurotic wreck. He called so much, and I said, "Anthony, I'm sorry. I can't do that. I can't take you in." And I said, "You got to stop all these phone calls. Too many calls, Anthony." And I wouldn't take his call. And lo and behold, now he feels differently. But Anthony is upset because he wanted certain things.The main thing he wanted was to come back into the administration. And as you remember better than I do, he was a disaster for the 11 days.Well, we have tremendous plastics coming over from Asia, from China, and various others. It's not our plastic. It's plastics that's floating over in the ocean and the various oceans from other places. No, plastics are fine, but you have to know what to do with them. But other countries are not taking care of their plastic use and they haven't for a long time.And the plastic that we're getting is floating across the ocean from other places, including China.I am convinced that Mitch wants to do something. I've spoken to Mitch McConnell. He's a good man. He wants to do something. He wants to do it, I think, very strongly. He wants to do background checks, and I do too, and I think a lot of Republicans do. I don't know, frankly, that the Democrats will get us there.But I spoke with Chris Murphy, Senator. We had a very good conversation. We'll see what happens. But I believe that Mitch -- and I can tell you, from my standpoint, I would like to see meaningful background checks. And I think something will happen. Look, it's very simple: There is nobody more pro-Second Amendment than Donald Trump, but I don't want guns in the hands of a lunatic or a maniac.And I think if we do proper background checks, we can prevent that.I have no idea. I know he was on his plane 27 times and he said he was on the plane 4 times. But when they checked the plane logs, Bill Clinton -- who was a very good friend of Epstein -- he was on the plane about 27 or 28 times. So why did he say "four times"? And then the question you have to ask is: Did Bill Clinton go to the island?Because Epstein had an island that was not a good place, as I understand it. And I was never there. So you have to ask: Did Bill Clinton go to the island? That's the question. If you find that out, you're going to know a lot. Thank you very much everybody.So, we're doing very well with China. We're talking to China. We're not ready to make a deal, but we'll see what happens. But, you know, we've been hurt by China for 25, 30 years. Nobody has done anything about it. And we have no choice but to do what we're doing. It's working out very well, as you know.We called them on manipulation and they brought their numbers back, and they brought them back rapidly. And they were able to do that because they manipulate. But that's -- so it's called "monetary manipulation." Not good. But what happened and what's happening with China now -- we have an open dialogue.We'll see whether or not we keep our meeting in September. If we do, that's fine. If we don't, that's fine. But it's time that somebody does what we're doing. And I said, the American taxpayer is not paying for it. We had a big day in stock market yesterday, but the American taxpayer is not paying for it. What China is doing is, by depressing their currency and by pouring tremendous amounts of money into their system, they're paying for it. The prices have not gone up. So when the Amer- -- in fact, in some cases, they've gone down because the devaluation, plus the money supply -- the amount of money that they pour in, which is a form of manipulation -- has more than compensated for an increase in price.So, as I said -- and everybody questioned it -- in the case of China, the tariffs have been amazing. We're taking in billions and billions of dollars. Now, China has had their worst year in 35 years now. It was in 26 years, but now it's in 35 years. I want them to do well. But as of this moment, they're having the worst year that they've had in many, many years -- in decades.And really, we're just bringing the system back into order. We have all the cards. We're doing well. Our country is doing fantastically well. You look at Europe; they've got problems. In fact, the biggest problem we have is the fact that a lot of other -- continents, frankly -- but a lot of other countries are not doing well.But we're doing great, and we continue to do great. Our companies are poised. They have a lot of cash. Our system is beautiful.I think I could, but I don't think I'll be there. I have a great relationship with the NRA. They supported me very early, and that's been a great decision they made. We have Justice Kavanaugh. We have Justice Gorsuch. And they feel very strongly about the Second Amendment. The NRA has made a great decision in supporting me, and nobody else would have won, aside from everything else.I have a very good relationship. I'll change it: I have a great relationship with the NRA. I have a lot of respect for the people at the NRA. And I have already spoken to them on numerous occasions. Numerous occasions. And, frankly, we need intelligent background checks, okay? This isn't a question of NRA, Republican, or Democrat.I will tell you, I spoke to Mitch McConnell yesterday. He's totally onboard. He said, "I've been waiting for your call." He is totally onboard. I spoke to senators that, in some cases, people -- friends of mine -- but pretty hardline senators. Hardline. And when I say that, I say that in a positive way.Hardline on the Second Amendment. And they understand. We don't want insane people, mentally ill people, bad people, dangerous people -- we don't want guns in the hands of the wrong people. I think that the Republicans are going to be great and lead the charge along with the Democrats. I spoke yesterday to Nancy Pelosi.We had a great talk. I spoke to Chuck Schumer. We had a great talk. And Chuck Schumer, in particular, loves my China policy, as you probably know. I said, "I can't believe it. You actually like something that I'm doing." He said, "Not 'like.' Love." So Chuck Schumer is -- he's great on the China situation, which we are winning and winning big.And China wants to do something, but I'm not ready to do anything yet. Twenty-five years of abuse. I'm not ready so fast. So we'll see how that works out. But on the background checks -- on background checks, we have tremendous support for really commonsense, sensible, important background checks.Time goes by. I don't think I'm different, but I think the Senate is different. I think other people in the House are different. I think that people that maybe had their arm up a couple of years ago, maybe they feel differently. I don't think I feel any differently. I think with a lot of success that we have, I think I have a greater influence now over the Senate and over the House.I think we can get something really good done. I think we can have some really meaningful background checks. We don't want people that are mentally ill, people that are sick -- we don't want them having guns. Who does?Well, we'll see where the NRA will be. But we have to have meaningful background checks. You know, in the case of -- in both cases, it's possible they wouldn't have been caught. But in the one case, we also have to talk about age, because he did things that were very, very bad in Ohio, in Dayton. He did some things that were really bad.His school knew about it. When he turned 18, everything was expunged. We're going to have to get rid of that because you can't have that barrier. If they would have had that barrier, they would have been able to see. But because he was a minor, it was expunged. We're going to have to get rid of that barrier.I think this: I think a lot of really meaningful things on background checks will take place, including red flags, including a lot of other very, very important items. And the Republicans are looking at it very seriously. And I really believe that the NRA -- I've spoken to them numerous times -- they're really good people.They're great patriots. They love our country. They love our country so much. And, frankly, I really think they're going to get there also.No. No. I had a good talk with Wayne. And I like Wayne. And, you know -- as you know, they supported me very early -- far earlier than anybody thought possible, especially me not being a politician. And that support has paid off. We now have two Supreme Court justices that are phenomenal -- Kavanaugh and Gorsuch.And, I mean, they're phenomenal people, and they're big believers in the Second Amendment, which Wayne is also and which I am. I mean, there's been -- there's been no President that feels more strongly about the Second Amendment than I do. However, we need meaningful background checks so that sick people don't get guns.I think, in the end -- I think, in the end, Wayne and the NRA will either be there or maybe will be a little bit more neutral, and that would be okay, too. Look -- look, the NRA has, over the years, taken a very, very tough stance on everything, and I understand it. You know, it's a slippery slope. They think you'll prove one thing, and that leads to a lot of bad things.I don't agree with that. I think we can do meaningful -- very meaningful background checks. I want to see it happen. So I've got a lot of support. And I also have the support of other people on the other side. And I think the Democrats and Republicans have a chance to really come together.The reason is because you have to go in; you can't let anybody know. Otherwise, when you get there, nobody will be there. But a big factor is to let people outside of the country that want to come in legally -- illegally into our country, where they come in in caravans where they surge the border -- which, by the way, we have the numbers way down right now, if you see, because Mexico has done a fantastic job.Mexico has 26,000 soldiers, right now, on the border. They have been fantastic -- because of tariffs. But I don't care what it is, because Mexico -- in fact, I'll be calling the President at a certain point. I just hope they keep it up. Because if the Democrats will change the laws -- which I was thinking about putting together, as you know, with the gun situation.So we have immigration and we have, let's say, some of the things we're talking about right now -- you have them together. But I want people to know that if they come into the United States illegally, they're getting out; they're going to be brought out. And this serves as a very good deterrent. If people come into our country illegally, they're going out.They're not coming in illegally and staying. We have bad laws. They may get in -- although we're being very tough -- but they may get in, but it doesn't matter because they're going out. And when people see what they saw yesterday, and like they will see for a long time, they know that they're not staying here.Oh, I think they really like -- you know, it's really amazing because African American unemployment just came out very recently -- the lowest in history. It's the best -- the best numbers in history. African American employment -- and Hispanic and Asian, too -- have more people working today than ever worked in the history of our country.Plus, I did criminal justice reform, which President Obama could not get approved -- which the media never talks about. If President Obama got criminal justice reform done, it would be front-page stories all over the place. I got it done. I think that African Americans appreciate it. So I got that. I have the best unemployment numbers.I have the best employment numbers for a lot of people. But for African Americans: number one that we've ever had. One other thing we did, aside from criminal justice reform: Opportunity Zones. And they are doing unbelievably well. And you'll see that, and you've already seen it. But Opportunity Zones.And the biggest beneficiary there is African Americans.I think so. Yeah. I do.Who are you talking about?Yeah.I think he's going to make a deal with President Putin, and he will be invited to the White House. And we look forward to seeing him. He's already been invited to the White House, and he wants to come. And I think he will. He's a very reasonable guy. He wants to see peace in Ukraine. And I think he will be coming very soon, actually.Yeah, he comments -- look. Look, Joe is not playing with a full deck. He made that comment. I said, "Whoa." I saw it because I was on -- something; I had a television. I saw his comment. Joe Biden is not playing with a full deck. This is not somebody you can have as your President. But if he got the nomination, I'd be thrilled.We're looking at that right now. We have a lot of these companies coming in a little while, as you know.We're going to be very tough with them. They're treating conservatives very unfairly. Hollywood -- I don't call them the "elites"; I think the elites are people they go after, in many cases. But Hollywood is really terrible. You talk about racist -- Hollywood is racist. What they're doing, with the kind of movies they're putting out -- it's actually very dangerous for our country.What Hollywood is doing is a tremendous disturbance to our country. We have now, in a little while, all of the heads of the biggest companies coming in, and we're going to talk to them. They treat conservatives and Republicans totally different than they treat others. And they can't do that.No. We don't have to. We have such a strong dollar. The problem is, our dollar is at a level that it makes it hard. But the advantage to doing what we have is money is pouring in because we have the safest currency in the world. We have the standard of the world. But because it's so strong -- it's gotten so strong because other countries have problems -- it makes it harder for our manufacturers.So if we lowered the interest rate by the Federal Reserve, that would automatically bring down the dollar a little bit, and it would make it easier for Caterpillar and these companies. But we have the greatest currency in the world. No, I wouldn't do that.So, China wants to settle this deal. They've had the worst year that they've had in many, many decades. And it's getting only worse. Thousands of companies are leaving China. They would like to make a deal. I'm not ready to make a deal.Maybe. We'll see what happens. Right now -- right now the talks are scheduled in September. Whether or not we're talking about China, whether or not they're cancelled, we'll see. Look, as I said, our people are not paying for these billions and billions of dollars that came in, $16 billion of which I gave to the farmers because they were targeted by China.And that's just a small fraction of what we've taken in. So they are not -- because what China has been doing -- they're a currency manipulator -- they've manipulated the value of their currency, and that's where the money comes. And also, they put tremendous money into the system. So if you look, prices have not risen.Our people have not paid. So all of these guys that say, "Oh, Trump, Trump, Trump…" -- they don't know what they're talking about. Now, China is unique. That doesn't mean it happens with other countries. It probably doesn't. But the prices have not gone up. In fact, we have virtually no inflation in our country.If the Federal Reserve would bring down interest rates over a period of time --I would love to see a point or even a little bit more than that. If they would stop quantitative tightening, we have a rocket ship. I mean, we're doing well without it, but we're being handcuffed by the Federal Reserve. If they would stop that, it would be incredible.Well, I hope that South Korea and I hope that Japan start getting along with each other. You know, they're supposed to be allies. And it puts us in a very difficult position. South Korea and Japan are fighting all the time. They've got to get along because it puts us in a very bad position. With that being said, I got a very beautiful letter from Kim Jong Un yesterday.It was delivered -- hand-delivered from --It was a very positive letter.I'd love to give it to you. I really would. Maybe -- maybe sometime I will.I think we'll have another meeting. He really wrote a beautiful, three-page -- I mean, right from top to bottom -- a really beautiful letter. And maybe I'll release the results of the letter, but it was a very positive letter.We're not going to do business with Huawei. We're not doing business with them. And I really made the decision. It's much simpler not to do any business with Huawei. So we're not doing business with Huawei. That doesn't mean we won't agree to something if and when we make a trade deal, but we're not going to be doing business with Huawei.Maguire is excellent. Admiral. Highly respected. A great leader. He's Acting right now. Sue did a great job. I like Sue Gordon very much. I think that, over a period of time -- I'm in no rush because we have a great Acting.I like Hoekstra a lot. I spoke to Senator Burr about different people. He's head of intelligence. And we're -- I'm working together with Senator Burr and the whole committee. I want to get somebody that everybody can really come together with. I like Pete Hoekstra a lot. He's great. He's doing a fantastic job in the Netherlands right now.No, I will tell you: That's a job that everybody wants. DNI. Everybody. But I'm dealing -- I'm dealing with the committee. I'm dealing with, really, Senator Burr a lot. And we'll come up with somebody that's great. We have a lot of choice. A lot of people want the job.Yeah, I'm concerned that they're not getting along with each other. They have to get along with each other. If they don't get along, what are we doing? They have to get along with each other. It's very important. South Korea and Japan have to sit down and get along with each other. Otherwise, what are we all doing?So, Poland has been a great, great friend of ours. They've offered to build a military base at the cost of many billions of dollars. No money put up by the United States whatsoever. They've offered to fund our troops and lots of other things -- the way it should be. Not the stupid deals that we made with all these other countries that take advantage of us. So, Poland has been terrific.And we're going to be going to Poland very soon. I'm sure you're going to be going with us. I had a great experience in Poland the last time I went. In fact, some of you actually said the speech was one of the best ever made in Europe by an American President. Hard to believe that you actually said that.When you said that, I was, like, in a state of shock.No. Stephen Ross is a great friend of mine. He's a very successful guy. We were competitors but friends in real estate, in New York, in the old days. He's a great guy. He is -- by the way, I think he's probably more inclined to be a liberal, if you want to know the truth. But he likes me, he respects me. We're doing a fundraiser there.We're doing another fundraiser with another friend of mine. And I understand the fundraiser was totally sold out, and it's very successful.I don't think -- I think it makes Steve much hotter. I explained -- I didn't speak to him yet; I'll see him in a little while. The controversy makes Steve Ross hotter. He'll figure that out in about a week. But he's very happy. He's got a very successful -- a lot of people are going. We have two fundraisers.One is Steve; one is another gentleman. And I guess they're going to raise 11 or 12 billion -- million dollars. Not billion. Million. I'm getting used to saying "billion." We're talking about a lot of money.We're not talking about anything specific. I can tell you there's tremendous goodwill for meaningful -- I'm talking about "meaningful"; add that word -- meaningful background checks so that sick and demented people don't carry around guns. You have to remember -- and I've said it -- it's a big mental illness problem.And the gun doesn't pull a trigger. A mind -- a sick mind pulls a trigger. So we want to take that out of the equation.We're looking at Toomey-Manchin. Actually, if you look, there are many bills that have been put in over a period of four, five years. They went nowhere. But there's never been a President like President Trump.I don't think we'll need to. I may. Leadership is dealing along with me right now. By the time you call them back, they're going to be back anyway. I don't think we'll need to call them back. I think we'll have a very good package by the time they come back and they can start debating and voting on it then.So I really don't think, for the extra little time, it matters. Leadership is doing a really good job -- Mitch McConnell, Kevin, Nancy. I spoke with Nancy Pelosi yesterday. I spoke with Chuck Schumer yesterday. There's a lot of goodwill about this issue.I don't think so. No. No.I think we have a lot of support. I mean, I'm very fortunate. In the Republican Party, I'm at 94 percent approval rating, so that helps. But I have a great relationship with the Republican senators. And I really think they're looking for me to make -- give them a signal. And we're going to have great support, and I think we'll have the support from the Democrats also.No, no. I never said what I'm saying now.What I'm saying -- what I said, though: You have tremendous opposition from many people on both sides. I see a better feeling right now towards getting something meaningful done. Meaningful. And we did do things after Parkland, but it wasn't to the same level that I'm talking about now. You know, we did do the Fix NICS and various other things.So we did do a lot of work after Parkland. But I think we have now a chance to do something, really, much more meaningful ---- having to do -- having to do, as you know, with background checks.Well, my message to young children going back to school is: Go and really study hard, and someday you'll grow up and maybe be President of the United States or do something else that's fantastic. They have nothing to fear. They have nothing to worry about. In addition, we're in constant contact with states, with state governments.And they are really doing a great job. We have this so much better than it was two and a half years ago. Two and a half years ago, when I came in, it was really not a good situation. I think we have a very, very good system right now. That doesn't mean that there's not going to be some crazy person, but that's what we want to do. We want to take the guns out of the hands of crazy, demented, sick people.Yeah, we're not looking at that right now. We're really looking at very meaningful background checks. I think it's going to happen. There's great, great support. But we're looking at very, very meaningful background checks.Well, Admiral -- as you know, Maguire -- Admiral Maguire is a very talented man. He's a great leader. As an Admiral, was always a great leader. He is a man who is respected by everybody, and he's going to be there for a period of time. Who knows? Maybe he gets the job. But he'll be there for a period of time -- maybe a longer period of time than we think.We'll see. We're dealing with Senator Burr. We're dealing with the committee. We're dealing with probably 9 or 10 people that want the job very much. You know the name of almost every one of them. They're truly outstanding. Everybody wants DNI. Everybody wants it. And I will say that the Admiral is such a great choice from the standpoint of now.And maybe he goes further. We'll see what happens. But we're dealing with the committee and Senator Burr. We have people, all of whom you know -- highly respected people. We'll be making a decision in the not-too-distant future.So, Eugene Scalia is a highly respected lawyer in Washington. His father, as you know, was the great, great, great Supreme Court Justice. Even the people with not his views would say he was a great gentleman, a great man. Eugene Scalia -- Gene Scalia -- has had a fantastic career. As you know, he's our appointment for Labor Secretary.I think -- so far, it's been received very well. He is a very -- he's one of the finest minds and lawyers in Washington. And I will say, so far, that's been received very well.Yeah, he gave me a great letter. I would love to give you, but, I don't know, I don't think it would be appropriate. But it was a very personal letter.It was a great letter. He talked about what he's doing. He's not happy with the testing. It's a very small testing that we did. But he wasn't happy with the testing; he put that in the letter. But he also sees a great future for North Korea. And so we'll see how it all works out. In the meantime, I say it again: There have been no nuclear tests.The missile tests have all been short-range. No ballistic missile tests. No long-range missiles. We got back, and we're getting back -- as we speak, we're getting back a lot of our fallen heroes. You know that. They're coming back into and through Hawaii. And we got back our hostages. So I thought the letter -- I just got it yesterday.It was hand-delivered and it wasn't touched by anybody. They literally take it from North Korea to my office. We have a system. It's the old-fashioned system. You don't have to worry about leaks. Something nice about that system.No, he wasn't. He wasn't happy with the tests -- the war games. The war games on the other side, with the United States. And as you know, I've never liked it either. I've never liked it. I've never been a fan. You know why? I don't like paying for it. We should be reimbursed for it, and I've told that to South Korea.But I don't like it either. But I said, "Do this," because this was a big test. This was a turnover of various areas to South Korea. I like that because that's what should happen.Well, I can't imagine that. But if they did that, we'd just reciprocate. We are a very reciprocal nation, with me as the head. When somebody does something negative to us in terms of a country, we do it to them. Look, our country has been taken advantage of by foreign countries, even allies -- including allies, and in many cases, more than anybody else.We've been taken advantage of for many, many years, and it stops. It stopped.Only if he's good enough. Yeah, if he's good enough. Why would he play? If he's good enough. And I think if he was good enough -- I know the owners. I know Bob Kraft. I know so many of the owners. If he's good enough, they'd sign him. So, if he's good enough -- I know these people -- they would sign him in a heartbeat.They will do anything they can to win games. So I'd like to see it. Frankly, I'd love to see Kaepernick come in if he's good enough. But I don't want to see him come in because somebody thinks it's a good PR move. If he's good enough, he will be in.Well, the global markets are not as good as our market. Our market has been really good.Well, it always -- it's never positive. Although, you could say it puts us in an even better position. I view it differently. I mean, most people would say that's a bad thing. I would say the fact that other countries aren't doing really well -- China, in particular. China is doing horribly. Horribly.First time that anyone can remember. They are having a year like they never had. Almost -- you know, go back, 30, 40 years. They're having one of the worst years ever. The numbers are phony. They're not doing 6.2; they're doing a totally different number.Maybe neutral. Maybe even --I don't think it helps. First of all, I don't like it when they do it because I am not any of those things. I think it's a disgrace. And I think it shows how desperate the Democrats are. Look, right now, I'm working with the Democrats on meaningful background checks. That's a big thing. Hopefully, we can do something.But -- so I don't want to focus too much on that. I will say this: For them to throw out the race word again -- "racist, racist, racist." That's all they use -- to anybody. They called Nancy Pelosi a racist. She's not a racist. They call anybody a "racist" when they run out of cards. I'm winning in the polls.They're desperate. They've got lousy candidates. They've got bad candidates. I mean, I watched the debates. I mean, I look --I look -- well, I mean, Joe Biden can't answer a simple question. Something is going wrong with him. I mean, the only -- the only thing is -- I mean, a lot of people think that he was the one that wanted Bob Mueller to testify because it made Joe look intelligent. Okay?I think my base relies very much on common sense and they rely on me, in terms of telling them what's happening. I think meaningful background checks -- I don't just say "background checks." Because we passed background checks a number of times, meaning the Democr- -- but everybody knew they weren't that strong.I think meaningful background checks are a real positive. Politically, I can't tell you. You know, I don't know -- good, bad, or indifferent. I don't care, politically. I don't want to have crazy people having guns.So, we're going to Dayton first, and then we're going to El Paso. And we'll be meeting with first responders, law enforcement, and some of the victims, and paying my respects and regards. I'll be going with the First Lady. And it's a terrific opportunity, really, to congratulate some of the police and law enforcement.The job they've done was incredible. Really incredible.So, my critics are political people. They're trying to make points. In many cases, they're running for President and they're very low in the polls. A couple of them, in particular, are very low in the polls. If you look at Dayton, that was a person that supported, I guess you would say, Bernie Sanders, I understood; Antifa, I understood; Elizabeth Warren, I understood.It had nothing to do with President Trump. So these are people that are looking for political gain. I don't think they're getting it. And, as much as possible, I've tried to stay out of that.Well, I do agree, but I think we have toned it down. We've been hitting -- we've been getting hit left and right from everybody. Many of the people, I don't know. A couple of people from Texas -- political people from Texas that aren't doing very well. I guess somebody said -- the mayor -- I had one very nice conversation with the mayor of Dayton; could not have been nicer.And then she goes and says I tried to call her. Well, I spoke to her, and I didn't receive any call. So they're trying to make political points. I don't think it works because, you know, I would like to stay out of the political fray. As I was saying, and as just came out, the Dayton situation -- he was a fan of Antifa.He was a fan of Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren. Nothing to do with Trump. But nobody ever mentions that.Say it?No, I don't blame Elizabeth Warren, and I don't blame Bernie Sanders in the case of Ohio. And I don't blame anybody. I blame -- these are sick people. These are people that are really mentally ill, mentally disturbed. It's a mental problem. And we're going to be meeting -- we're going to be meeting with members of Congress.I've already got meetings scheduled. And I have had plenty of talks over the last two days. And I think something is going to be come up with. We're going to come with something that's going to be, really, very good -- beyond anything that's been done so far.Well, we're going to see where we are. We're dealing with leadership right now. And, you know, you have two sides that are very different on this issue, and, let's say, all good people. But two sides that are very different. If we get close, I will bring them back. But it has to be -- you know, we have to see where we are with leadership.Normally, this has been, really, a decision -- Congress gets together and they try and do something. But if you look over the last 30 years, not a lot has been done.Well, I'm looking to do background checks. I think background checks are important. I don't want to put guns into the hands of mentally unstable people or people with rage or hate, sick people. I don't want to -- I'm all in favor of it.Well, I can tell you that there is no political appetite for that at this moment. If you look at the -- you could speak, you could do your own polling. And there's no political appetite, probably, from the standpoint of legislature. But I will certainly bring that up. I'll bring that up as one of the points.There's a great appetite -- and I mean a very strong appetite -- for background checks. And I think we can bring up background checks like we've never had before. I think both Republican and Democrat are getting close to a bill on -- they're doing something on background checks.Yeah. South Korea and I have made a deal. They've agreed to pay a lot more money toward the United States. As you know, we've got 32,000 soldiers on South Korean soil, and we've been helping them for about 82 years. And we get nothing. We get virtually nothing. And South Korea and I have made a deal where they're paying a lot more money, and they're going to pay a lot more money.And the relationship is a very good one. But I felt, all along, I felt for years it was a very unfair one. So they've agreed to pay a lot more, and they will agree to pay a lot more than that. And we're with them. We're with them.So, you have to have a political appetite within Congress. And, so far, I have not seen that. I mean, I can only do what I can do. I think there's a great appetite to do something with regard to making sure that mentally unstable, seriously ill people aren't carrying guns. And I've never seen the appetite as strong as it is now.I have not seen it with regard to certain types of weapons.I am concerned about the rise of any group of hate. I don't like it. Any group of hate, I am -- whether it's white supremacy, whether it's any other kind of supremacy, whether it's Antifa, whether it's any group of hate, I am very concerned about it. And I'll do something about it.No, I don't think my rhetoric has at all. I think my rhetoric is a very -- it brings people together. Our country is doing incredibly well. China is not doing well, if you look at the trade situation. China just admitted yesterday that they've been a currency manipulator. First time they've ever been called out.Companies are moving out of China by the thousands, and our country is doing very well. We're going to see how it all works out. Somebody had to do this with China because they were taking hundreds of billions of dollars a year out of the United States. And somebody had to make a stand. So, I think our country is doing really well.I think the market -- I think the market reaction is anticipated. I would have anticipated. I would have maybe anticipated even more. But ultimately, it's going to go much higher than it ever would have gone because China was like an anchor on us. China was killing us with unfair trade deals. The people that allowed that to happen are a disgrace.China, what they were doing to us, for years and years, taking hundreds of billions of dollars out, stealing intellectual property, targeting our farmers. All of that is ending, and they understand that.That's right. I'll be -- I'll be convincing some people to do things that they don't want to do, and that means people in Congress. But you've got a lot of people on one side, and you have a lot of people in the other. But I can -- I have a lot of influence with a lot of people, and I want to convince them to do the right thing.And I will tell you, we've made a lot of headway in the last three days. A lot of headway.I think that illegal immigration -- you're talking about illegal immigration, right? Yeah? I think illegal immigration is a terrible thing for this country. I think you have to come in legally. Ideally, you have to come in through merit. We need people coming in because we have many companies coming into our country.They're pouring in. And I think illegal immigration is a very bad thing for our country. I think open borders are a very bad thing for our country. And we're stopping; we're building a wall right now. We won the lawsuit in the Supreme Court two weeks ago. The wall is well under construction. It's being built at a rapid pace.We need that. We need strong immigration laws. But we want to allow millions of people to come in because we need them. We have companies coming in from Japan, all over Europe, all over Asia. They're opening up companies here. They need people to work. We have a very low unemployment rate. So, I believe we have to have legal immigration, not illegal immigration.I am. I think the market reaction is to be expected. I might've expected even more. At some point, as I just said, we have to take on China. They've been taking -- look, they've been taking us to the cleaners for 25 years. This should've been done long before me as a President. You know the story better than anybody.You know it better than I do, frankly. Hundreds of billions of dollars a year taken out of our country. Stealing intellectual property. And you know what? We, right now, we're sitting on top. We have money pouring in. We have powerful companies, strong companies. China is losing so many -- they're losing -- thousands and thousands of companies are leaving China now because of the tariffs.And we're in a very good position as to whether or not a deal will be made. I will tell you this: China would like to make a deal very badly.Well, you know, Joe is a pretty incompetent guy. I've watched his interviews. I've watched what he said and how he said it. And I wouldn't have rated him very high in the first place, but Joe Biden has truly lost this fastball, that I can tell you. Thank you.[In progress] But we're going to be doing something very, I think -- very impactful. A man who is a Democrat, not a Republican -- who I don't know very well, but he was on "The Apprentice" for a couple of weeks – meaning, a couple of, you know, seasons; a couple of, what would you say? Episodes.I thought he was treated unbelievably unfairly. He was given close to 18 years in prison. And a lot of people thought it was unfair, like a lot of other things. And it was the same gang -- the Comey gang and the -- all these sleazebags -- that did it. And his name is Rod Blagojevich. And I am thinking about commuting his sentence.He's been in jail for seven years, over a phone call where nothing happens. But over a phone -- where nothing happened. Over a phone call where -- which, you know, he shouldn't have said what he said, but it was braggadocio, you would say. I would think that there have been many politicians -- I'm not one of them, by the way [Inaudible] -- but that have said a lot worse over telephones.And I watched his wife, on television, saying that the young girl's father has been in jail for now seven years, and they've never seen him outside of an orange uniform. You know, the whole thing. His wife, I think, is fantastic. And I'm thinking about commuting his sentence very strongly. I think he was -- I think it's enough: seven years.Not a friend of mine. He's a Democrat, not a Republican. It's Illinois. I think he was treated very, very unfairly, just as others were. Just as others were. So Rod Blagojevich -- I am thinking very seriously about commuting his sentence so that he can go home to his family after seven years. You have drug dealers that get not even 30 days, and they've killed 25 people.They put him in jail for 18 years, and he has many years left. And I think it's very unfair. So I've been thinking about that for a long time. I thought, from day one -- I said, "Boy, that is really tough stuff." And I will say, we have a lot of support for that. [The President speaks off the record] But Rod Blagojevich -- I think he's got another 10 years to serve.And we're thinking about it very seriously. So there's something. That's a pretty big story. [The President speaks off the record] But we are looking very seriously at Rod Blagojevich. I think we can go with that. [Inaudible] If you want to go with it, you can -- I mean, you can have that part of it because --That's on the record.Yeah. You can do that. I'm -- in fact, I'm very strongly considering that -- I think he was treated unbelievably unfairly. And he's a Democrat; he's not a Republican. And we're thinking about commuting his sentence so he can go back home to his wife and children. And I'm very impressed with his family.I'm very impressed with his wife. I mean, she has lived for this. She has -- she's one hell of a woman. She has lived -- she goes on and she makes her case. And it's -- it's really very sad.Which process are you talking about?Because I felt that Congressman Ratcliffe was being treated very unfairly. I was reading the press. And I think I am a student of the press. And I could see that the press was treating him, I thought, very unfairly. He's an outstanding man. And I asked him -- I said, "Do you want to go through this for two or three months or would you want me to, maybe, do something else?" And he thought about it. I said, "It's going to be rough." I could see exactly where the press was going and fake news.He's a fine man. He's a fine man. And so we hadn't started the process and I thought it's easier before we start. But I read things that were just unfair. And he's just too good. He doesn't deserve it.A little louder. What?Well, that might be -- I like Sue Gordon. And Sue Gordon is there now, and I like her very much. I've always liked Sue Gordon.Could be. Yeah. It could be. We'll make another choice. And Sue will be -- she's there now, and certainly she will be considered for the Acting, and that could happen. We'll probably be talking about it either later today or next week. Do you like Sue Gordon?No, I think he was just treated very badly, very harshly by the press. And he really had a decision to make. “Do you want to go through this for -- it could be months.” And I said, "I think I see exactly what they're trying to do." Nobody understands the press, but I think I understand them as well as anybody.And I didn't think it was fair.No, they didn't. I think he would have had support. But again, we were very early in the process. We hadn't even started. So we were very early in the process. And I think he would have had good support, certainly from the Republicans.What?I haven't seen that. I could tell you, the Democrats were chilly. That's for sure.But the Republican, I think, would have been very good. But a lot of the Republicans didn't know John. But I think he would have had good receptivity, and he was getting that. But I believe he made the right decision.I don’t -- do you understand?Well, no. You vet for me. I like when you vet. No, no, you vet.I think the White House has a great vetting process. You vet for me. When I give a name, I give it out to the press and you vet for me. A lot of times, you do a very good job -- not always.I think that the White -- well, if you look at it, I mean, if you take a look at it, the vetting process for the White House is very good. But you're part of the vetting process, you know? I give out a name to the press, and they vet for me. We save a lot of money that way. But, in the case of John, I really believe that he was being treated very harshly and very unfairly.No. I tell you what: I think he would've had very good support. Republicans love John Ratcliffe, and I think he would’ve had very good support. Now, he wasn’t in that world that much. I think he would’ve picked it up very quickly. But I think he would’ve had great Republican support. Probably would’ve had no Democrat support, which would’ve been nice to get some.But I think he would’ve done fine. But it would’ve been a long -- it would’ve been a long, hard slog.Well, that's okay. I don’t mind that. The tweet itself was just, really, a repeat of what I heard over the news. I know his house was robbed, and I thought that was too bad. That was really just -- that was really not meant as a wise-guy tweet. I mean, his house was robbed and it came over the news at a certain moment last night.And I had just mentioned it.Well, I think China -- number one, you have to understand, we are so far behind. We have been treated so badly. And I don’t blame China; I blame our past leaders, our past Presidents, our past trade representatives. They've done a terrible job. China -- we can't just go and make an even deal with China.We have to make a much better deal with China. Because, right now, they have a very unfair playing field, and I'm turning it around. So we're getting 25 percent of $250 billion, and now we'll be getting 10 percent of probably close to $350 billion. It's a lot of money. China has to do a lot of things to turn it around.But you'll be seeing. They've got to do a lot of things. It goes on on September 1st. And, frankly, if they don’t do them, I can always increase it very substantially. In other words, I could increase it -- if I wanted to, I could increase it to a very much higher number.Well, it's in a process right now. I know the case very well. It's a very sad situation. It really -- it's heartbreaking. But that's in a process right now, so I'm not going to get involved in the process. As you know, they're going to be making a final decision, I guess, over the next 10 days. So I won't interfere with the process.Say it?Well, we've been moving it down. We've been moving it down from Syria. We defeated the ISIS caliphate, and we have now 100 percent of that. We have 2,500 prisoners, and Europe is going to have to take them, or somebody is going to have to take them. But we have 2,500 ISIS prisoners. And we've told Europe, "Hey, some come from France.Some come from Germany." They're going to have to take them. So we'll see what happens. But we've pretty much reduced. We've taken it way down in Syria. Ultimately, it'll be down to a very few people, if any. With respect to Afghanistan, we've made a lot of progress. We're talking, but we've also made a lot of progress.We're reducing it. We've been there for 19 years. We're really serving as policemen. We could win Afghanistan in two days or three days or four days, if we wanted. But I'm not looking to kill 10 million people.What about it?We could win that war very easily. I could win that war in a week, if I wanted to. But I'm not looking to kill 10 million people, okay? Many of them would be innocent people. I'm not looking to do. And I'm not talking nuclear, by the way; I'm talking totally conventional. But I'm not looking to kill millions of people in Afghanistan.That I can't tell you. I mean, you know, we'll find out.Well, I hear he’s done a good job. I don’t know Congressman Hurd, but I’ve heard he’s done a good job. We differ on certain subjects, but I’ve heard he’s actually done a good job. It’s too bad he’s leaving. But I really don’t know him.So I do have a shortlist. I have a list of a few people we’re looking at -- very well-known people. People where the vetting would go very easily because that’s what they’ve been doing; they’re in the intelligence world. So we do. I have a list of three people that I’m going to be working on over the weekend.We’re going to Bedminster. I’ll be working on that over the weekend. And probably, on Monday, I’ll give you an answer. And I do like Sue Gordon very much as Acting, as your -- as per your question.Say it again.Well, I think we really -- I think we have a lot of good people. We have three people, specifically -- I mean, I could tell you.They’re -- I could tell you. They’re right here. [The President gestures to his jacket pocket]Right there. But it’s too -- it’s too early. Do you want a piece of the list? Go ahead.Well, I don’t want to say if they can be trusted or not. Look, history, I would say, is not so good, but they don’t like us much either. But we’ve brought them down; we’ve brought the number of soldiers down very substantially. They’re coming down. We are talking to them. We have a lot of advantages making a deal with us. We’re doing very well, as you know, with Pakistan.I met a gentleman who I liked a lot -- as you know -- last week, from Pakistan. I have a lot of respect for him. We have a good friendship -- a good feeling, good chemistry. And I think Pakistan will help us, and I think others will get involved. But we’ve been there 19 years. We’re not really -- let’s put it this way: We’re more police than anything else, and that’s not for our soldiers.And I’ve said -- I’ve said it a lot: We could win the war in Pak- -- we could win the war, if you look at it -- and you can look at it any way you want -- we can win the war in Afghanistan in less than a week. But I’m not looking to kill 10 million people. And I’m not talking nuclear. I’m not talking nuclear.But we’d win that war in less than a week, and I have that as an option, always. But that’s what we’re not looking to do.So, Russia -- we have been speaking to Russia about that -- about a pact for nuclear -- so that they get rid of some, we get rid of some. We’d probably have to put China in there. But right now, we’re number one, Russia is number two, and China is number three. But China is quite a bit down, in terms of nuclear.China is much lower. But we would certainly want to include China at some point. But I would think that the relationship is good. We’re trying to have a good relationship. It’s very hard, in light of the phony witch hunt, which is now dead. But I will say this: With Russia, if we could get a pact where they reduce and we reduce nuclear, that would be a great thing for the world.And I do believe -- I do believe that will happen. We’ve -- we have discussed it. I’ve also discussed it with China. I’ve discussed it with President Putin. I’ve also discussed it with China. And I will tell you, China was very, very excited about talking about it, and so is Russia. So I think we'll have a deal at some point.But the particular pact you're talking about that expired as of today, they weren’t living up to their commitment. And I said, if they're not going to live up to their commitment, then we have to -- we always have to be in the lead. You know, I've redone our nuclear. We have new nuclear coming. I hate to tell that to people.I hate to say it because it's devastating, but we’ve always got to be in the lead. Hopefully -- and hope to God -- you never have to use it.Say it.We have new everything.We have the -- we have the finest military in the world. We make the finest equipment in the world by far, whether it's fighters, whether it's -- whether it's missiles, whether it's the ships, whether it's submarines. There's nobody to compete with us. But if we could hold off spending by getting a pact with Russia and with China, that would be very good for ---- that would be very good for all three countries.You're talking about the trade with the -- on beef?EU is very tough to deal with. They're -- you know, they're very difficult. They have barriers. They had barriers on beef. We broke that barrier today. I appreciate it. It's a group of countries, as you know. We love those countries, but, for dealing with them, they're very, very difficult. But we did a very big deal today -- beef.And we're going to be selling them a big percentage of their beef. And that’s great for our ranchers and farmers, so we were happy to do it.Auto -- auto tariffs are never off the table. If they would not treat us fairly -- which they're not. I mean, you know, it's, right now -- Look, the EU has tremendous barriers to us, but we just broke the first barrier. And maybe we broke it because of the fact that if I don’t get what we want, I'll put auto tariffs.Because it's all about the automobile, and it's all about the tariffs. If I don’t get what I want, I'll have no choice but maybe to do that. But so far, they've been very good. And I want to thank Mexico. The numbers are way, way down -- apprehensions. The numbers are way down. Mexico -- they have about 21,000. They actually now have maybe more than that on our border.They have another 6,000 on their northern border. Okay? If you view it that way -- their northern border, near Guatemala. And, I will tell you, Mexico is doing a great job.Well, I would love to see -- before we talk about Secretary, I will tell you, I would love to see the Democrats sit down and work out the loopholes in 20 minutes -- because that's what it would take -- and work out asylum. But we're moving along with an asylum fix and asylum bill. Lindsey Graham is heading it up very capably, and we'll see what happens.I'll always help our farmers. Our farmers were targeted by China. And our farmers -- frankly, these are great patriots. I'll always help our farmers. There'll be a time when the biggest beneficiary of what I'm doing, with respect to China and trade, generally -- you're seeing it with the EU. They couldn't do the cattle thing at all -- beef.They couldn’t do it at all. And now, all of a sudden, this came out of nowhere. Our farmers will ultimately be the biggest beneficiaries, and they know that. But our farmers are great patriots.No, what happens is China devalues their currency and China also is pouring money out, and that will pay for the tariffs. It's a total misnomer. Now, I don’t say that with all countries, but with China, they’re very highly sophisticated, but so are we -- more than anybody would understand. All you have to do is ask China.All you have to do is ask China. But let me just explain. So, China is devaluing their currency and they're also pouring money in. Their currency is going to hell, but they're also pouring money in. And that will totally pay for the tariffs. The tariffs are not being paid for by our people; it's being paid for by China because of devaluation and because they're pumping money in. Thank you.Thank you, everybody.Well, you interviewed the wrong farmer, number one. Number two: Any amount that China sucks out, we're making up out of the billions of dollars that we're taking in. Remember this: Our country is taking in billions and billions of dollars from China. We never took in ten cents from China. And out of that many billions of dollars, we're taking a part of it, and we're giving it to the farmers because they've been targeted by China.The farmers -- they come out totally whole. So you interviewed the wrong farmer, but that’s all right.Yes.No, I'm not concerned about that at all. I expected that a little bit because people don't understand quite yet about what's happened. We've taxed China on 300 billion dollars' worth of goods and products being sold into our country. And China eats it because they have to pay it. Because what they do is they devalue their currency and they push money out.Our people haven't paid, as you know. We're also charging them 25 percent on $250 billion. So we're taking in many billions of dollars. There's been absolutely no inflation. And frankly, it hasn't cost our consumer anything; it costs China. Now, what has happened is a lot of companies are moving out of China so they can, you know, avoid.And China has had a rough twenty- -- this is their worst year in 27 years, according to yesterday's Wall Street Journal. I don't want that. But when my people came home, they said we're talking. We have another meeting in early September. I said, "That's fine." But in the meantime, until such time as there's a deal, we'll be taxing them.We're just getting -- and we're getting very good numbers from the border. The 21,000 soldiers supplied by Mexico. And I want to thank Mexico. They're doing a great job. The numbers are way down at the border.I think it's very much under control. Very much under control.Well, what would you say it is?Let me ask you a question.Right. Right. Right.Sure. Sure. What would you say when China, for the last 20 years, has been taking hundreds of billions of dollars out of our country? And we had a President that would never do anything -- a number of Presidents that never would do anything about it. What would you say? For many years, China has been taking money out by the hundreds of billions of dollars a year.We have rebuilt China. So now it's time that we change things around. If they don't want to trade with us anymore, that would be fine with me. We'd save a lot of money.No, I don't know. I think President Xi, who's somebody I like a lot, I think he wants to make a deal. But frankly, he's not going fast enough. He said he was going to be buying from our farmers; he didn't do that. He said he was going to stop fentanyl from coming into our country -- it's all coming out of China; he didn't do that.We're losing thousands of people to fentanyl. And this was time. And very importantly, for many years -- you know this better than anybody; you've been covering it for a long time -- for many years, China has been taking out hundreds of billions of dollars a year and rebuilding China. It's time that we rebuild our country.And, you know, the one thing I have to say -- and you have to say this: What China is doing is they're devaluing their currency and they're pumping money out like they've never done before. And they're paying for these tariffs; we're not.Well, something is probably happening with Hong Kong because when you look at, you know, what's going on, they've had riots for a long period of time. And I don't know what China's attitude is. Somebody said that at some point they're going to want to stop that. But that's between Hong Kong and that's between China, because Hong Kong is a part of China.They'll have to deal with that themselves. They don't need advice.No. No, no, no. It's September 1. The reason is, it takes a long time for the ships to come over. And it's a period of time. So I'm giving him four -- like a four-week period of time before the tariffs go on. But we're now taking in tariffs on 10 percent on over $300 billion, and 25 percent on $250 billion.And it's been proven that our people are not paying for those tariffs.Go ahead. Go ahead.Short-range missiles. We never made an agreement on that. I have no problem. We'll see what happens. But these are short-range missiles. They're very standard.Go ahead. What?Go ahead.Congressman Ratcliffe is an outstanding man and I'm sure that he'll be able to do very well. I think he's just outstanding. Highly respected by everybody that knows him.Well, we've not changed on Huawei. We're not allowing Huawei into our country. We're not changed on that. We can do business for non-security things with Huawei because that's -- you know, we'll do that. But anything having to do with national security, we're not dealing with Huawei.Well, I haven't actually heard that. I know there's a lot of things going on. That's a piece of it, I guess. But I really don't know. I haven't spoken to them about that. I would, frankly, be surprised, because what James Comey did was illegal. So I would be surprised, but I don't know anything about that.I don't know what's going to happen. I can tell you this: I'm going to Cincinnati. The arena is a very large one. And we've sold it out. We could sell it out probably 10 times, from what I hear. The applications for seats, as you know -- never had an empty seat -- the applications are very big. I have no idea.We have a great group of people. They love our country. They love the job we're doing. And when they see the kind of people that want to represent us from the last two nights, that's not what they want. I don't know -- I can't tell you whether or not they're going to do that chant. If they do the chant, we'll have to see what happens.I don't know that you can stop people. I don't know that you can. I mean, we'll see what we can do. I'd prefer that they don't, but if they do it, we'll have to make a decision then.I do have a message. My message is for the people I'm going to -- so, we had over 100,000 applications for whatever the size of the -- I think it's a 14,000-seat arena. But we're way over a hundred and -- I think 122,000 applications for those seats. You know what my message is? I love them. And I think they love me.I actually think they love me.Have they accepted the offer or not?Well, that's up to -- it's really up to Prime Minister Modi. And I met with Prime Minister Khan; I got along great with -- I think they're a fantastic people, Khan and Modi. I mean, I would imagine they can get along very well. But if they wanted somebody to intervene or to help them -- and I spoke with Pakistan about that, and I spoke, frankly, to India about it. But that's been going on, that battle, for a long time.If I can -- if they wanted me to, I would certainly intervene. Yeah.I can't comment about that. But he was very threatening to our country. He was saying very bad things about our country. I will let you make your own comment about it.But I don't comment. But I will say, Hamza bin Laden was very threatening to our country, and you can't do that. As far as anything beyond that, I have no comment.You don't really believe this. Do you believe this?We didn't talk about that. I spoke with President Putin of Russia yesterday. They're having massive fires in the -- in their forests. They have tremendous -- I've never seen anything like it. It's very big. I just offered our assistance because we're very good at putting out forest fires, frankly.And if they should need it, I offered our assistance. We had a good talk -- a short talk but a good talk. And I think he appreciated it. So we would be able to help them. It's -- these are massive fires like I haven't seen. That was the primary importance of the conversation. And I think they -- I think they very much appreciated it.Well, I watched Mueller. I'm not sure Mueller knows what's going on, if you want to know the truth. But all I do know is he said, "No collusion with us. No collusion," and ultimately "no obstruction," because it led to no obstruction by a very smart group of people, including our Attorney General.So, no collusion, no obstruction. As far as Mueller's performance, you would have to say it was, maybe, not so good.So, our country is doing very well. We're setting records in every way, including employment, unemployment. We have now more people working in the United States than ever before. The stock market, it will take a little hit, but it will be phenomenal because ultimately it will be much better because of what I'm doing.Somebody should have done this with China a long time ago. They decided not to do it; they made a big mistake. But I will say this: There has never been a time in the history of our country like we have right now. The highest number of people employed, the best employment numbers for African Americans, Hispanic, women -- for everybody.I mean, the best numbers we've ever had. Our military is being rebuilt and it's almost fully rebuilt. It's going to be at a level, in a very short period of time, stronger and better than ever before with new aircraft, new missiles, new everything. Hopefully, we don't have to use it. Go ahead.So, yeah, nobody knows what she meant by that. I think even you probably didn't like that statement, John. She doesn't know what she's talking about. If you remember, a short while ago, I defeated ISIS. We have 100 percent of the caliphate. So, you know, you're always going to have somebody around.We're -- right now we have captured over 10,000. We have 2,500 ISIS fighters that we want Europe to take because they were going back into Europe -- into France, into Germany, into various places. So we have, right now, 2,500 ISIS that we captured. We've captured 100 percent of the caliphate. And we've done a big job on al Qaeda and everybody else.So for her to make that statement is ridiculous, frankly. For her to make that statement is so ridiculous. And she has taken a lot of heat on it because nobody has done more against that war than I have. So we have thousands ISIS fighters that we want Europe to take. And let's see if they take them. And if they don't take them, we'll probably have to release them to Europe.Say it? What?Oh, sure. Sure. Because these are short range missiles. We never discussed that. We discussed nuclear. What we talk about is nuclear. Those are short-range missiles. Sure. And a lot of other countries test that kind of missile also.[Laughs] Oh, that's funny.That's so interesting, because everyone says, "Gee, that's so tough." And now you're saying I should have done more.Look, I did more than anybody thought with the first $250 billion. And the 10 percent is for a short-term period, and then I can always do much more or I can do less, depending on what happens with respect to a deal. But I'm very happy the way it is right now. My people came back. They're going to meet again in September.I said, "Look, if you meet, that's great." But in the meantime, we're going to pay -- they're going to pay a tariff and it'll be a very substantial tariff. Now, if you remember, when I did the 25 percent, I did it in stages. And this can also be lifted, ultimately, in stages, or it can be taken off. But it can be lifted in stages.So we're starting at 10 percent, and it can be lifted up to well beyond 25 percent. But we're not looking to do that necessarily. But this would be done in stages. So I put on 10 percent on 300 -- it's approximately $300 billion. We already have a 25 percent tariff on the first $250 billion. So, the 10 percent follows the $250 billion at 25 percent.Yes, I am.Yes, I am. Yes. Yes, I am.You know, it's interesting -- nobody has even mentioned this question to me in so long.Until last night at the very end, it wasn't even mentioned in the debates. People aren't even thinking -- it's a hoax. I don't know if you know that. You know it's a hoax, right? So, nobody has mentioned it to me. One thing I will say that you haven't covered: Two days ago, a highly respected judge in the Southern District of New York, in Manhattan, came out with a decision on the whole Russia hoax, and he said exactly that: it's a hoax.You ought to read the decision. This is a decision by a judge who is highly respected -- who was appointed by Bill Clinton when he was President -- and he came out and he said, "It's a hoax." And that's exactly what it is. This was a case brought by the Democrats against me, and nobody wants to talk about it. You know why?Because it's fake news.We didn't discuss the INF. Mostly, we discussed the forest fires in Siberia and other parts of Russia. And I said, "Look, we have the greatest equipment. If we can help you, let us know." Large sections are burning. And so I said to President Putin, "If we can help you, let me know."Well, we'll see what happens. By the way, I will say, Russia would like to do something on a nuclear treaty. And that's okay with me. They'd like to do something, and so would I.Say it again.Well, I think, Elizabeth -- I mean, I've watched Elizabeth Warren, sometimes referred to as "Pocahontas," with her phony try at an ancestry that she didn't have. I've watched her and, I don't know, to me, she doesn't have credibility. It's possible I'll have to run against her. But everything she did was a fraud.She got into colleges, she got teaching jobs. She said she was of Indian heritage. It turned out to be a lie. So Elizabeth Warren really has a big lack of credibility.The which?I didn't really -- no, I didn't look. I think that Kamala did not do well last night. I think that -- I think Biden did okay. He came through. He came limping through, as I say about Sleepy Joe. He limped right through it. But he got through it. He really did. I think he was okay. I think Kamala had a bad night last night, I would say.But it's really boiling down to four or five of them. Let's face it. I don't think -- I don't see anybody coming from [Inaudible].Well, I have a lot of respect for Poland. And, as you know, the people of Poland like me, and I like them. And I'm going to be going to Poland fairly soon. And I know they're building an installation that -- and they're putting in all of the money -- 100 percent of the money. So they're building something very nice for the United States to have.Go ahead.No. I think the responsibility is the people that have run Baltimore for so many years, obviously headed up by Elijah Cummings. They've run Baltimore into the ground. We've given billions and billions of dollars to Baltimore. The people of Baltimore appreciate what I've done for them by bringing this up. It's the number one city, proportionately, in the United States on crime.I saw a statistic where it's worse than Honduras, right now. And I think what the people of Baltimore -- I think they really appreciate what I'm doing. The money was stolen or misspent or wasted. And a lot of things happened. A lot of bad things. But the government, for many years, has been very good to Baltimore.We have to help the people. Elijah Cummings has not helped the people. But maybe at some point we'll get together and we'll get it straightened out. But what happened in Baltimore is disgraceful. And it's not only Baltimore, it's other Democrat-run cities, and you ought to report on it sometime. Thank you.Well, I haven't seen the [Inaudible] at all, but I'll take a look at them. But I will tell you, the church has loved me and I love them. You know, we've got about 84 percent of the vote. And the churches love Donald Trump and I love them.So, Jamestown was amazing. I very much appreciate that the Democrats were so respectful because it is what it is. It's a very important moment: 400 years. So I appreciate very much the Democrats. We had great receptivity. I guess I saw a few; you only covered the protester. One protester. But Jamestown, I thought, was fantastic.And I was treated, really, I think -- and I have to -- I obviously thank the Republicans, but I also thank the Democrats. We had one person. And other than that, it was really fantastic.Well, I know his son. I find his son to be outstanding. He's a brilliant, wonderful young man. I'm very happy he appointed him. I think it's a great appointment. I know his son, and that's probably why they did it. He's outstanding. I'm very happy with that appointment.No, I don't think it's nepotism because his son helped him very much on the campaign. His son is outstanding. He really is. So I think it's a great appointment. I didn't know that.What?A lot of people. Many, many people. And you see it also in the press and you see it on watching television, just coming back. People living in Baltimore are very happy that I'm bringing out the fact that it's like living in hell. What do you want, John?No, no. The only problem, John: You gave the protestor 100 percent of the time. And it's -- I don't care about coverage. The last thing I need is coverage.Hey, listen -- hey, John, 100 percent. Not one word of the speech. And, you know, we were there about the speech. The protestor didn't look so good to me. I'm going to be very nice. But you gave him 100 percent. But, you know, what? That's okay. You often do that. That's okay.What are you talking about by "political strategy"? Are you talking with ---- respect to Elijah Cummings?There's no strategy. I have no strategy. There's zero strategy. All it is, is I'm pointing out facts. The most unsafe city in the country -- in our country -- is Baltimore. It's received as much money -- it receives top of the line -- billions of dollars. Somebody said $15 billion over a short period of time.All of this money goes there. And take a look at it. I don't have to describe it. Take a look at it. So, there's no strategy. It's very simple. And Elijah Cummings is in charge of it and he ought to take his Oversight Committee, and he ought to park them in Baltimore and find out what happened to the $15 billion and a lot of other money.We'll see what happens with China. I think we'll do very well with China. We're already doing very well with China. China has had the worst year they've had in 27 years, and we're having the best year we've ever had. The stock market just hit an all-time high. We're doing the best we've ever done.All three indexes -- if you look at it -- indices or indexes, depending on what you want to call. All three are hitting brand-new highs. We're doing the best we've ever done as a country, and I'm very happy about it. Unemployment -- the best numbers we've ever had. By the way, African American unemployment, the lowest in history.Criminal justice reform: Obama couldn't do it. I got it done. He could not do it. He didn't even come close. That's great for the African American population, who is very thankful about it. If you look at all of the Opportunity Zones -- they're inner-city Opportunity Zones, almost all of them. African American.The African American people don't listen to fake news. They know what's going on.Elijah Cummings -- yeah.I'm not angry. I'm not angry. I'm just telling you the facts.I'm not angry at anybody. I'm just saying, Elijah Cummings has been there for 26 years. He's really, by far, the highest-ranking politician. He's seen these mayors get thrown out, thrown out, thrown out. They're all friends of his. The corruption and the graft in Baltimore is probably the greatest in our country, or one of them.Wait. Now, he's in charge of an Oversight Committee. All I'm saying is take your Oversight Committee and go to Baltimore. You'll learn a lot.Say it?Well, we have a very good relationship with Poland. I have, really, a very good relationship with most countries that the news doesn't like talking about. But I have a very good relationship with Poland. And we've been invited by the leadership of Poland, and I look forward to it. I like the people. I gave a speech in Poland, which I know you don't like to say, but it was considered to be a great speech.And the reason is that I really feel strongly. I think Poland -- I think they're great people.We're looking at it. We may go to Denmark. We're looking at it.What?We haven't named the Acting yet, but we're very happy with the fact that Dan Coats -- I like Dan; he's a friend of mine. I mean, I think he's a terrific person. I like him a lot. And there really wasn't conflict. I think it was confusion more than conflict. Dan made statements, and they were a little confused.But that was not conflict. Dan is a friend of mine. He's a good man. But I think that John Ratcliffe is going to do an incredible job, if he gets approved. He's got to get approved. But I think he'll do a great job. I hope he gets approved. I think we need somebody like that. We need somebody strong that can really rein it in. Because as I think you've all learned, the intelligence agencies have run amok.They've run amok.You know why? Because the fake news doesn't report it properly. People like you. The fake news does not report it properly. If the news reported it properly, you know, the right way --Like, instead of a statement like you just made. If the news reported properly, of all of the things I've done for African Americans, of all of the things that -- like criminal justice reform ---- like Opportunity Zones.I think I do very well with the African Americans. And I think I'm doing very well right now. And, frankly, if I didn't do very well, relatively speaking, as a Republican -- I mean, we should be way, way over 50 percent. But if you look back over 40 years, it just doesn't work that way. If I didn't do well, relatively speaking, I wouldn't be President right now.But if you look at what I've done for African Americans, it's more than almost all Presidents.Well, we have a good relationship with the President of Brazil, and I'm sure we'll be successful at trade talks. We'll have them. And I am just -- you're just telling me his son was appointed ambassador. I think that's a great appointment because I know his son. I think he's really competent, just like his father.He reminds of his father, and I like his father. And I think it's a great appointment.Well, I'm going to leave that up to the Senate. I am a fan of General Hyten. We're going to have to see how it all turns out. But I know he's been accused, and he's saying it's a false accusation, but I will leave it up -- I hear they did an extensive report -- a report very big, very important. And I will leave that up to the senators.They're very capable people. That includes Democrats and Republicans.You have to speak differently. You have a little -- go ahead. Speak up.Yes.I would say that his economy is not doing well -- China -- but I like him a lot. That's what I'd say to him.Well, I just explained it. I think I explained it very simply. Elijah Cummings is -- it was a horrible thing, the way he spoke to the head of Homeland Security the other day. These people are working hard. They're getting no support from the Democrats. The Democrats refuse to fix the loopholes. They refuse to fix asylum.Those two things would make it 95 percent easier. Instead, I'm relying -- and Mexico has been great, but Mexico has done far more than Democrats have. You know, our numbers are way down, which is a positive. Numbers in apprehensions are way down. Mexico now has 21,000, or approximately 21,000 soldiers on the two borders, and they've been really great, I have to say.Now, I don't know that that's going to stay. But what we have to do is fix the loopholes, and the Democrats don't want. The reason is the Democrats want open borders. The problem is open borders mean tremendous crime. People coming in -- you have no idea where they're coming from, who they are. But I'm President; I can't allow that.So I just want to tell you the economy is doing fantastically well. We have people over in China right now. We’re negotiating with China. We’ll see what happens. We’re either going to make a great deal or we’re not going to make a deal at all. But a lot of great things are happening, and including with China.Our country has gone way up in terms of its differential. We’re the number one economy in the world. It’s picked up tremendously in the last three years since I’ve been here. So a lot of great things are happening. A lot of really great things are happening. The economy is through the roof. I guess we’ll hopefully get good decisions from certain branches of government.We’ll see what happens. But we have a lot of good things happening. We were just speaking with the Department of Commerce, and we have interest in our country like we’ve never had before.No. Baltimore has been very badly mishandled for many years. As you know, Congressman Cummings has been there for a long time. He’s had a very iron hand on it. It’s a corrupt city; there’s no question about it. All you have to do is look at the facts. The government has pumped in, over the years, billions and billions of dollars to no avail -- to absolutely no avail.Baltimore is a -- it’s an example of what corrupt government leads to. Billions of dollars have been given, and I feel so sorry for the people of Baltimore. And if they ask me, we will get involved. But we’re already involved from the standpoint that, over many years, billions and billions of dollars have been given to Baltimore.It’s been misspent. It’s been missing. It’s been stolen with a lot of corrupt government. And as you know, Cummings has been in charge. Now, I will say this: I think that Representative Cummings should take his Oversight Committee and start doing oversight on Baltimore. He’d find out some real things.So the talks are moving very well with China, but they were often with China. But China always makes a new deal at the end, or seems to. We’re taking in billions and billions of dollars from China in the form of tariffs. Our people are not paying for it. China reduced their currency. They devalued their currency, and they’re pumping money into the system in order to pay for it. They had the worst year in 27 years.They’ve had a terrible year because of the tariffs. A lot of companies are moving out of China. You’ve never seen this before. The United States is doing phenomenally well and we’re taking in tens of billions of dollars for -- from China. We’re giving some money to our farmers who have been really targeted by China to do a number on them, and -- because they like me. The farmers like me and I love the farmers.And I will say that the farmers are very grateful. The most they’ve ever spent on agricultural product is $16 billion. So when they pulled out, I took just a small part of the money that China is paying us, and I gave it toward the farmers and the farmers are very happy.The Fed moved, in my opinion, far too early and far too severely. It puts me at a -- somewhat of a disadvantage. Fortunately, I’ve made the economy so strong that nothing is going to stop us. But the Fed could have made it a lot easier. I would like to see a large cut, and I’d like to see immediately the quantitative tightening stopped.It should be stopped. For them to have done quantitative tightening and also higher interest rates simultaneously, I think, was a big mistake. I also think that had they not done it -- as good as we’ve done, we’ve set a record, as you will tell, as you will say, in the stock market. We have the all-time high in the history of the stock market.I think I would have been 10,000 points higher and I think we would have been in the fours with GDP. President Obama had zero interest rates; we have normalized interest rates. With zero interest rates, anything happens. And yet we still blew his economy away.I don’t talk about that. I just -- I’m very disappointed in the Fed. I think they acted too quickly by far. And I think I’ve been proven right. People have said I was right; they were wrong. The Fed is often wrong. The Fed is often wrong.The Washington Post called Mitch McConnell what?I think the Washington Post is the Russian asset, by comparison. Mitch McConnell loves our country. He’s done a great job. We’re trying to pass an infrastructure bill. It’s being written up right now, as we speak, for our highways and our roadways. Mitch McConnell has got more judges than probably any -- I mean, in all fairness, with my help.But at the combination, we’ve got up -- we’re going to be up very soon to 179 federal judges. Nobody has ever seen anything like that. And other than George Washington, we’ll end up having the highest percentage of judges put on the court and it’s going to be a legacy. Mitch McConnell is a man that knows less about Russia and Russia’s influence than even Donald Trump.And I know nothing. So I think it’s a horrible thing when a paper -- which is really just a paper for the benefit of Amazon -- the Washington Post is fake news, just like the New York Times is fake news. It’s put there for the benefit -- the Washington Post -- of Amazon. That’s my opinion. And I think it’s a disgrace.And if they actually said that, I didn’t read it. If they actually said that -- that Mitch McConnell is an asset of Russia -- they ought to be ashamed of themselves and they ought to apologize.Well, I think right now -- I am watching -- I think right now it will be Sleepy Joe. I think. I feel he’ll limp across the line. That’s what I think. So what I think doesn’t mean anything, but I know the other people. I know him. I think he’s off his game by a lot, but I think -- personally, I think it’s going to be Sleepy Joe.No, I think I’m helping myself because I’m pointing out the tremendous corruption that’s taken place in Baltimore and other Democratic-run cities. All you have to do is look at the past mayors in Baltimore -- see what happened. No, I think I’m helping myself. And I’ll tell you what: The White House and myself -- in letters and emails and phone calls -- have received more phone calls than I think on any other subject, of people from Baltimore and other cities corruptly run by Democrats, thanking me for getting involved.Those people are living in hell in Baltimore. They’re largely African American. We have a large African American population and they really appreciate what I’m doing and they've let me know it. They really appreciate it. And, by the way, the numbers just came out. Unemployment for African Americans is the lowest it's been.The best numbers -- meaning, in the history of our country. The lowest in the history of our country. But people have called from Baltimore thanking me so much, because all that money that’s been spent over 20 years has been stolen and wasted by people like Elijah Cummings.Well, I have a great relationship with Brazil. I have a fantastic relationship with your President. And he's a great gentleman. He was here, as you know. In fact, they say the “Trump of Brazil." I like that. That’s a compliment. And, by the way, I think he's doing a great job. It's a tough job, but I think your President is doing a fantastic job.He's a wonderful man with a wonderful family.Yeah, we're going to work on a free trade agreement with Brazil. Brazil is a big trading partner. They charge us a lot of tariffs, but other than that we love the relationship.The what?I don’t -- I've heard about it. I don’t know about it, but I'll find out about it. This is new. I heard about it last night.Well, John Ratcliffe is a brilliant man. He is a wonderful person. I spoke to him long before about this -- long before, months ago. I spoke to him long before the Mueller fiasco. That was a fiasco. I think probably nobody in the history of Capitol Hill has embarrassed themselves like what Mueller did to himself and to the Democrats.But John Ratcliffe -- I spoke to him about this for a long time. He's a very talented guy. He's a strong man. It's what we need in that position.I am the least racist person there is anywhere in the world. When con men -- who I've known almost -- you know, almost all my business life, because I had to deal with him, unfortunately, in New York. But I got along with him -- Al Sharpton. Now, he's a racist. He's a racist. But when people -- when people --Let me explain it to you. What I've done for African Americans in two and a half years, no President has been able to do anything like it. Unemployment at the lowest level in the history of our country for African Americans -- nobody can beat that. You look at poverty levels, they're doing better than they've ever done before.So many things: Opportunity Zones, criminal justice reform. President Obama couldn’t get it done. It was done. Really, the biggest beneficiary, probably, is African Americans. I got criminal justice reform done. President Obama couldn’t get it done. No other President was able to get it done. What I’ve done for African Americans, no President, I would say, has done.Now, I'll say this: They are so happy -- because I get the calls. They are so happy at what I have been able to do in Baltimore and other Democratic-run, corrupt cities. The money has been stolen -- what they’ve done. It's been wasted and it's been stolen -- billions and billions of dollars. And the African American community is so thankful.They've called me and they said, “Finally, somebody is telling the truth.”Well, I think the biggest problem to a trade deal is China would love to wait and just hope -- they hope it's not going to happen. I hope. But they would just love if I got defeated so they could deal with somebody like Elizabeth Warren or Sleepy Joe Biden or any of these people because then they'd be allowed and able to continue to rip off our country like they've been doing for the last 30 years.China has been taking out hundreds of billions of dollars a year with our country. And now what I've done with the tariffs is -- number one, they had the worst year they've had in 27 years, yesterday -- the Wall Street Journal. The worst year in 27 years. Companies are leaving China by the thousands, and their prices are coming down.And I will tell you this: China is dying to make a deal with me. But whether or not I'll do it -- it's up to me; it's not up to them.Well, I think China is willing to give up a lot. But I -- that doesn’t mean I'm willing to accept it. I think if China had their wish, they'd wait until after the election, they'll pray that Trump loses, and then they'll make a deal with a stiff -- somebody that doesn’t know what they're doing -- like Obama and Biden, like all of the Presidents before.Because what they've done is they've just picked our pockets as a nation. That’s not happening with Trump.That’s okay.Well, I think if that’s the case, I'd be shocked. But if that’s the case, they're fighting against their people because the African American people have been calling the White House. They have never been so happy as what a President has done. Not only the lowest unemployment in history for African Americans; not only Opportunity Zones for -- really, the biggest beneficiary are the inner cities; and not only criminal justice reform.But they're so happy that I pointed out the corrupt politics of Baltimore. It's filthy dirty. It's so horrible. And they are happy as hell. So, you may have a couple of politicians boycott, but it's all a fix. It's all a fix. The fact is African American people love the job I'm doing because I'm working for them.I'm not working for the politicians.Oh, absolutely. It's -- what he should do -- what Elijah Cummings should do is he should take his Oversight Committee, bring them down to Baltimore, and invest all of it, and really study the billions and billions of dollars that’s been stolen. It's been wasted; it's been stolen. They ought to take that beautiful waste of an oversight committee, go down to Baltimore and other Democratic-run cities, and take a look.See if you can find the billions that have been stolen.My relationship with Kim Jong Un is a very good one, as I'm sure you've seen. We'll see what happens. I can't tell you what's going to happen. I know one thing: that if my opponent was President -- if she won -- you would be in a major war right now with North Korea. And we are nowhere close. So we'll see.I have a good relationship with him. I like him; he likes me. We'll see what happens.At the right time, I'll visit. But the people of Baltimore are very thankful -- they have let us know by the thousands of people -- because of the fact that finally somebody is pointing out how corrupt Baltimore is, how billions and billions of dollars have been stolen. And the ones that like it the best -- what I'm doing -- are African American voters.Those are the ones. Thank you.So we had a very good day today. The Republican Party, our country -- there was no defense of what Robert Mueller was trying to defend, in all fairness to Robert Mueller. Whether his performance was a bad one or a good one, I think everybody understands that.I think everybody understands what's going on. There was no defense for this ridiculous hoax, this witch hunt that's been going on for a long time -- pretty much from the time I came down on the escalator with our First Lady. And it's a disgrace what happened. But I think today proved a lot to everybody.In fact, some of my biggest opponents wrote things today that I wouldn't have believed they would have written, and I appreciate that they did that. This has been a very bad thing for our country. And despite everything we've been through, it's been an incredible two and half years for our country. The administration, our President -- me -- we've done a great job.We've got the strongest stock market, the best unemployment numbers, the most number of people ever working in the history of our country right now -- almost 160 million. Our military has been rebuilt and getting even stronger. We've done a great job, and we've done it under this terrible, phony cloud. A phony cloud; that's all it was.And they should be ashamed of themselves. Absolutely ashamed. And you know who knew it was a phony cloud more than anyone else? It was Schiff and Nadler and Schumer and Pelosi -- every one of them. They all knew it was phony stuff. And if you look at the polls, the polls are showing it maybe more than anybody else or anything else.And I've had my best polls, and I don't say why. But people see what's gone on in our country with this whole thing. I've been going through it for three years -- for three years -- all the nonsense. So this was a very big day for our country. This was a very big day for the Republican Party. And you could say it was a great day for me, but I don't even like to say that.It's great. I'll tell you what: I very much appreciate those incredible warriors that you watched today on television -- Republicans -- that defended something, and defended something very powerful, very important. Because they were really defending our country. More than anything else, they were defending our country.But they were warriors, and they've been warriors for a long time. And everybody knew it was a hoax, especially the Democrats. I wish we could be a fly on the wall in those rooms where the Democrats would go in and talk before and after meetings, and they'd be laughing and smiling and say, "Can you believe that we're getting away with this?" But, in the end, they didn't get away with it. Yeah.So, there is no such a thing. He didn't have the right to exonerate. And, you know, it's very interesting: People mention exoneration. That was something where he totally folded because he never had the right to exonerate. And it was covered very well by Congressman Turner and put to a conclusion. We were -- if you take a look at not only the report, beyond the report, take a look at not what he said but what he was forced to say.And even your networks and your network and your network and your net- -- every one of these networks, they put up their hands. You know, we had a couple of cases with -- actually, we had about six cases where they asked our people, our representatives' television networks, "Please, don't come in tonight.We're not going to be doing much on it." And the reason they're not: because it's over. Go ahead.So, WikiLeaks is a hoax, just like everything else. And all of those problems having to do with crime were the biggest hoax of all. It was a witch hunt. A total witch hunt. And when you saw Robert Mueller's statement, the earlier statement, and then he did a recap, he did a correction later on in the afternoon.And you know what that correction was, and you still asked the question. Do you know why? Because you're fake news. And you're one of the most. And let me just tell you, the fact that you even asked that question, you're fake news. Because you know what? He totally corrected himself in the afternoon. And you know that just as well as anybody.Kaitlan. Kaitlan.I don't know whose answers weren't. I guess his answers weren't. Because if you look, the whole report -- you take a look at what they did: Some of the things that he didn't even know about; some of the things he didn't even know what was going on. But you know, in the end, what he did, he actually, probably, came through for himself.The performance was obviously not very good. He had a lot of problems. But what he showed more than anything else is that this whole thing has been three years of embarrassment and waste of time for our country. And you know what? The Democrats thought they could win an election like this. I think they hurt themselves very badly for 2020.Did I what?I don't know. I really don't know.I never -- I don't know. Yeah, go ahead.I mean, frankly, whether or not he did, it wouldn't matter to me ---- because he did nothing wrong. He did nothing wrong.Because it's so unimportant. It was always a very unimportant meeting. It was only important to the fake news. Go ahead.No, he didn't say that.Again, you're fake news. And you're right at the top of the list, also. Let me just tell you ---- go back to what -- it's not what he said. Read his correction.Read his correction.If you read his correction, you'll find out. That's why people don't deal with you because you're not an honest reporter. John.They are devastated. The Democrats lost so big today. Their party is in shambles right now. They've got the Squad leading their party. They are a mess -- where even you take a look at scribe and you take a look at so many of the people that were the most outspoken, and they say this was a devastating day for the Democrats.And you know it, John, and everybody else knows it. This was devastating day for the Democrats.No, no. A very dumb and very unfair question.Because if you look at his correction, he took that totally out of play. He made his decision based on the facts, not based on some rule. So you shouldn't even ask that question because you know it's a phony. Go ahead.The Democrats had nothing, and now they have less than nothing. And I think they're going to lose the 2020 election very big, including congressional seats, because of the path that they chose. Now, who knows where it goes. From what I hear, they're giving up. But I just say, I know them too well. They'll never give up. They'll go back into the room and they'll try and figure something out.This whole thing has been -- honestly, it's been collusion. It's been collusion with the media. It's been collusion with other countries. This has been a disaster for the Democrats, and I think we're going to win bigger than ever. Now, I'm -- I'm going to West Virginia, one of the great states. A state that's doing -- if you look at percentage up, I think it's number one or number two in the country.And nobody would have believed that. West Virginia is doing great. So, I'm going to West Virginia. We did have a big case today. You know, we won the asylum case in Washington which, frankly, you should be asking about that because that's the real deal. I can't believe how nice you are today. Go ahead, give me a question.No, because we did nothing wrong. The answer is very simple. Nothing was done wrong. This was all a big hoax. And if you look at it today, nothing was done wrong. Now, I believe what you're going to find -- you're going to find a lot of things that were done very wrong. But that's going on now. That's something you haven't been writing about, and that has to do with the other side's -- that has to do with a thing called "investigate the investigators." Let's see what happens.That's going to be very interesting.Look, I think Robert Mueller did a horrible job, both today and with respect to the investigation. But in all fairness to Robert Mueller, he had nothing to work with. You know, you can be a builder, but if they don't give you the right materials, you're not going to build a very good building. Robert Mueller had no material.He had nothing to work with. So, obviously, he did very poorly today. I don't think there's anybody -- even among the fakers, I don't think there's anybody who would say he did well. I looked at your people; they're saying it was devastating for the Democrats. And even, I will tell you, the two most nauseous and nauseating networks -- whose ratings have both gone down, way down -- even they said this was a really bad day for the Democrats.So, Robert Mueller did a poor job. But in all fairness to him, he had nothing to work with. David.Look, I saw what he did to people -- how he ruined people's lives because they didn't remember a date or something very minor. He ruined people's lives. The Democrats, they took people and they destroyed their lives. They went bankrupt because they couldn't afford the legal fees, and they were good people -- many, many people.So when you ask me that question, all they have to do is -- see how nice this weather is? If I made a mistake and said I was talking to the media and it was a little bit rainy, a little bit overcast, they'd say, "Well, we have to do -- he lied." Let me tell you, I've seen what they've done to people.I've seen how they've destroyed people like General Flynn and so many others -- what they've done to people. No, I did the right thing.Well, Mueller had no material. Sure. Mueller had no material to work with, and he did a horrible job. Obviously, his presentation was way off. But that's okay. It didn't matter. He had no material. There was nothing done wrong. In fact, things were done right. There was nothing done wrong. And certainly -- I mean, look, I read the papers and I read the press and I read the Internet, and if you see what's going on the Internet, if you listen to the Internet, this was one of the worst performances in the history of our country.So, you know that. You know that very well. But I don't think anybody could have done a good performance. He had no material. It was a fake set of facts that the Democrats used -- and others -- to try and do really an illegal overthrow. But we're going to find out about that.Well, the asylum is a big --Say it?So, the asylum is a very big ruling. That was a tremendous ruling today. We appreciate it. We respect the courts very much. That helps us very much at the border. The numbers are way down at the border, which is a good thing. Apprehensions are way down because Mexico has now 22,000 soldiers. And they're -- they mean business because they know what happens; the alternative is not good for them.It's also good for Mexico, what they're doing, because the cartels have been running all of the border for years and years. And Mexico is saying -- and the President is saying, "We got to clean it up." So they've got 21,000 soldiers. They'll probably put up more. But this ruling today on asylum is a tremendous ruling.So, Guatemala gave us their word. We were going to sign a safe third agreement and then, all of a sudden, they backed up. They said it was their supreme court. I don't believe that. But they use their supreme court as the reason they didn't want to do it. So we'll either do tariffs or we'll do something.We're looking at something very severe with respect to Guatemala. I've already cut all payments; I did that a year ago. I cut all payments going to Honduras, El Salvador, and Guatemala. We used to send them $500 million for nothing. For nothing. They didn't do anything except set up caravans. So, Guatemala we're going to take care of and it won't even be tough.We're going to do -- we're looking at a couple of different things. One of the things very heavy is, as you know, Mexico has put 6,000 people on that border.Let me just tell you something.I know, you're always -- you always have a question.You mean my White House aides lied?What about his aides? What about -- what about Mueller's aides?He didn't say that at all. You're untruthful when you ask --You are untruthful. When you ask that question --When you ask that question, you're untruthful. And you know who ---- else is untruthful? You know who else is untruthful? His aides. And Weissmann was untruthful. And Weissmann got caught just like he did with Arthur Andersen, where he lost in the Supreme Court nine to nothing. His aides were very untruthful. And they put Mueller ---- and they put Mueller -- not at all. They put Mueller in a very bad positon. His aides put him in a very bad position. And if you were ever truthful, you'd be able to write the truth.No, I haven't. No, but I'm very happy. I haven't called Boris but I'm happy that he won. I'm very, very happy.So what happened with Strzok and Page, meaning the two lovers, it's a disgrace because they had a lot of text messages, and Mueller illegally deleted those text messages. And they didn't get too much into that because he forgo; he didn't really know; he didn't know too much. He didn't know anything.But Strzok and Page were texting. Don't forget, they were the ones with the "just in case she should lose, we're going to have an insurance policy." This is the same Strzok and Page. So that was a very, very bad situation. What they did and what Mueller did -- he deleted their text messages back and forth, probably thousands of them.That's a serious problem. They shouldn't have been allowed to do it.I think it's going to help us because everyone sees now that this thing has been going on for so long. In all fairness to Mueller, this has gone on long before Mueller. This has gone on from sometime after we came down the escalator and I got great poll numbers. Because from the beginning, I was leading.And this really took place sometime right after we came down the escalator -- the First Lady and myself. And I will tell you something: I think it's going to have a huge negative impact on 2020 for the Democrats.Hello, everybody. How are you? Very good numbers, economically. The country is doing really well. We expect great things, and we have a lot of potential. A lot of way to go. We're the hottest economy now -- definitely, actually, for the last quite a bit, period of time. And I think we have tremendous potential for a lot of growth.Europe is not doing well. A lot of places are not doing very well; we're doing very well. So, I just want to let you know.Well, as you know, we have a very close alliance with the UK, and we always have. We heard that. The United States has very few tankers going in because we're using our own energy now. We've made a lot of progress over the last two and half years. So we don't have very many tankers going in, but we have a lot of ships there that are war ships.And we'll talk to the UK. And we have no written agreement, but we have an agreement. They've been a very great ally of ours. So, we heard about it. We heard it was one; we heard it was two. And we'll be working with the UK. They'll have a new Prime Minister soon, which is a good thing. And we'll be working with the UK. But we have no written agreement, but I think we have an agreement which is longstanding.Yeah. If you go back to the four congresswomen, the things they've said about our country are terrible. What they've said about Israel are just terrible. I don't know -- I can't say for sure -- but certainly a lot of people say they hate our country. And I think it's a disgrace what they've said. I think you can't talk that way about the United States.So I think, frankly, to say that about Israel -- you know, we just gave the embassy in Jerusalem, making Jerusalem the capital of Israel. I just gave Golan Heights -- recognized Golan Heights for Israel. I've done all of this for Israel. And then you have these people -- I think that Omar -- I find it hard to believe -- but I hear Omar today put in, or yesterday put in a sanctions bill against Israel, and other things beyond sanctions.So, when I hear that, you just can't talk about our country that way. And when people are angry at them, I fully understand them.I don't know if it's good or bad politically. I don't care. But when people are speaking so badly, when they call our country "garbage" -- think of that. That's worse than "deplorable." When they call our country "garbage," I don't care about politics. I don't care if it's good or bad about politics. Many people say it's good.I don't know if it's good or bad. I can tell you this: You can't talk that way about our country, not when I'm the President. So I think they've said horrible things, and they're anti-Semitic. And if you look at the kind of statements they've made about Israel, it's a disgrace.Yeah, they have First Amendment rights but that doesn't mean I'm happy about them saying. And when they say bad things about us, we can certainly feel -- and again, we have First Amendment rights also -- we can certainly feel what and say what we want.Say it, Steve.So we're going to be speaking with the UK. And this only goes to show what I'm saying about Iran: trouble. Nothing but trouble. And remember this: The agreement -- the ridiculous agreement made by President Obama expires in a very short period of time. It was a short-term agreement. When you're dealing in countries, you have to deal in 50 years and 100 years.You don't deal in the short term. That was a ridiculous agreement. And it goes to show you I was right about Iran. And let's see what happens. But I know that it's not an American ship; it's UK. I guess it could be one, could be two. And we'll be speaking to them. They have a new prime minister coming soon, and that's a good thing for the UK.Go ahead.I believe all people are great people. I believe everyone is great. But I love our country, and I'm representing our country. And people can't ---- go around speaking about our country and saying "garbage." This is the greatest country in the world. We now have the strongest military by far. We had a depleted military when I took over. We spent $716 billion last year; $700 billion the year before. We have a great, powerful military. More powerful than we've ever had before.We have the greatest economy on Earth. Not even close. You can't speak about our country the way those four congressmen -- they said, "garbage." They say things about Israel that's so bad I'm not even going to repeat them right now. They can't get away with that act. Not the right [Inaudible].These women have said horrible things about our country and the people of our country. Nobody should be able to do that. And if they want to do that, that's up to them. But I can't imagine they're going to do very well at the polls. And I say this: If the Democrats want to embrace people that hate our country, people that are far -- so far-left that nobody has even seen anything like it, if they want to embrace people that are so anti-Semitic and anti-Israel, if they want to do that, that's up to them.But I don't have to do that. I think what they say and what they've said is a disgrace to them, to the Democrats, and, frankly, to our country.A long time ago, yeah.Fifteen years ago, I had a falling out.Well, I didn't get along with him.I don't really know. I'd have to look into it. That's a long time ago.I do think we have bigger problems than plastic straws. You know, it's interesting about plastic straws: So, you have a little straw, but what about the plates, the wrappers, and everything else that are much bigger and they're made of the same material? So, the straws are interesting. Everybody focuses on the straws.There's a lot of other things to focus on. But it's an -- it's an interesting question.Go ahead. Talk up.Secretary Mnuchin did have a call with the Chinese counterpart. They had a very good talk. We'll see what happens. We're dealing with China. We're doing very well; they are not doing very well. They had the worst year they've had in 27 years. And we're having the best year we ever had. So we're doing well.But let's see what happens. And our farmers are doing very well because I've taken some of the billions of dollars of tariffs that we collect from China. We collect billions and billions of dollars of fees and tariffs, and I gave it to our farmers.False information. It was fake news.Nope. We -- I talked about it, but they didn't advise me. They told me, but I didn't --By the way, what you're saying -- fake news.Well, Rand is a friend of mine, but I have, really, 53 very good friends, and they're in the Senate. I also have a lot friends -- you saw that the other day when they brought a ridiculous vote up, and only four Republicans out of hundreds voted against. So I have a lot of great friends. I'm 94 percent in the Republican Party approval rating.Rand is a friend of mine. And Rand asked me if he could involved. The answer is yes. And if other senators ask me to get involved, I'd probably say yes depending on who they were. We'll see what happens. But I have many people involved. And Iran is going to work out very nicely. Iran is showing their colors.It's going to work out very nicely. Iran is in big trouble right now. Their economy is crashing. It's coming to a crash. They're trying to bring soldiers back home because they can't pay them. A lot of bad things are happening to them. And it's very easy to straighten out or it's very easy for us to make it a lot worse.Say it?No, you know what's racist to me? When somebody goes out and says the horrible things about our country -- the people of our country -- that are anti-Semitic, that hate everybody, that speak with scorn and hate. That, to me, is really a very dangerous thing. I think these four congressmen -- and I could say some worse than others -- but if you look at the statements they've made, when they call the people of our country and our country "garbage," when they hit Israel the way they've hit Israel so hard, so horrible -- I think, to me, that's a disgrace.And we should never forget it. We're dealing with people that hate our country.No, I don't. I don't.Let me tell you: They had an impeachment vote the other day. Just a big waste of time. It's a disgrace. No other President should ever have to go through it. And the vote was a totally lopsided vote with many Democrats voting in favor. As far as I'm concerned, they already took their impeachment vote. And the impeachment vote was so lopsided, it was a -- it was a massive victory.And you know what? At some point, they have to stop playing games because they're just playing games. No, I won't be watching Mueller.Good.Right.We're looking at Zimbabwe right now. Go ahead.The First Lady feels very strongly about our country. The First Lady thinks that it's horrible what they've said about Israel and horrible what they've said about our country -- these congresswomen. They can't call our country and our people "garbage." They can't be anti-Semitic. They can't talk about "evil Jews," which is what they say: "evil Jews." That's what the First Lady [Inaudible]. Thank you.Thank you.About what?No. If people want to leave our country they can. If they don't want to love our country. If they don't want to fight for our country they can. I'll never change on that. No.I do think I'm winning the political fight. I'm winning it by a lot.I think that they are not espousing the needs of our country these four Congresswoman. I think that they said horrible things and the press doesn't cover it. You should try covering it. When you look at some of the things they said they're unthinkable. If somebody else or me or anybody else said things like that it would be historic.So, you ought to look at some of the horrible things said because it's never been said before.Well, the democratic party is really going in a direction that nobody thought possible. They are going to so far left they are going to fall off a cliff. So I think they are making a big mistake. But who knows that is up to them.Well, there is a lot of talk about the fact that she was married to her brother. I know nothing about it. I hear she was married to her brother. You're asking me a question about it. I don't know but I'm sure that somebody will be able to look into that.Well, I think the story last night was at 187 republicans voted in favor of Trump and 4 voted against. I think that was the big story. That seems to be the story. Great community in the republican party. Very unfair what has happened with respect to the way I would say republicans are being treated, frankly, but certainly the way -- certainly the way this president has been treated.In the history of our country there has never been anything like this and this should never be allowed to happen to another president again. Should never be allowed to happen. Despite that we've created the greatest economy in the history of our country. We are doing things like nobody has ever done. And we have the best job numbers in the history of our country -- African American, Asian American, women, Hispanic American -- best job numbers we've ever had.And I have to go because I see it starting to pour.I'm not relishing the fight. I'm enjoying it because I have to get the word out to the American people and you have to enjoy what you do. I enjoy what I do. The key is -- the key is it's not a question of relishing. They're wrong. They're absolutely wrong. That's not where our country wants to be. We're not going to go and we're not going to be a socialist country.It's not going to happen.So we just got a very big vote on impeachment -- the most ridiculous project I've ever been involved in. We have the strongest economy in the world. We've rebuilt our military. We've knocked out regulations. We have the greatest tax cuts we've ever had -- the biggest and best -- including ANWR and including getting rid of a lot of different things that people didn’t want.We have just received an overwhelming vote against impeachment. And that's the end of it. Let the Democrats now go back to work. Thank you very much.I think he was a great Labor Secretary, not a good Labor Secretary. He's done a fantastic job. He's a friend of everybody in the administration. And I got a call this morning, early, from Alex. And I think he did a very good job yesterday. Under a lot of pressure, he did a fantastic job and he explained it. He made a deal that people were happy with, and then, 12 years later, they're not happy with it. You'll have to figure all of that out.But the fact is, he has been a fantastic Secretary of Labor. And Alex called me this morning and he wanted to see me. And I actually said, "Well, we have the press right out here, so perhaps you just want to say it to the press." But I just want to let you know, this was him, not me, because I'm with him.He was a -- he's a tremendous talent. He's a Hispanic man. He went to Harvard. A great student. And, in so many ways, I just hate what he's saying now because we're going to miss him. But, please, Alex.There's no need at all, as far as I'm concerned. I would have -- I watched Alex yesterday. I thought Alex did a great job. And, you know, you could always second guess people, and you could say it should have been tougher. They do it with me all the time. I make a great deal with anybody, and then they say -- like, the Democrats -- "Oh, it could have been better." I got $1.2 billion settlement fined from a company, from ZTE. And the next day -- and everybody couldn't believe it. The next day, the Democrats said, "Oh, he should have gotten more." So you can always be second guessed.That's what people do. I just want to tell you: This is a person that I've gotten to know. There hasn't been an ounce of controversy at the Department of Labor until this came up. And he's doing this not for himself; he's doing this for the administration. And, Alex, I think you'll agree. I said, "You don't have to do this." He doesn't have to do this.I do, and we have -- we have -- as everybody knows, we have Pat Pizzella, who right now is a deputy, and he'll be Acting for a period of time. I think you know Pat. He's a good man, highly recommended by Alex. But Pat is going to be Acting, and we've already informed him.Yes. And I did have a falling out a long time ago. The reason doesn't make any difference, frankly. But I haven't spoken to him in probably 15 years or more. I wasn't a big fan of Jeffrey Epstein, that I can tell you. And now, if you look, the remnants hurt this man. And I hate to see it happen. I will say this, and I say it again and I say it loud and clear: Alex Acosta was a great Secretary of Labor.What he's done with plans and -- you see the plans coming one after another. You're just about done with the 401(k) and ---- and that happened. Things that nobody would even think of. So it's very sad. But at the same time, he wants the focus to be on accomplishments, not on what you're talking about.Well, Alex believed that. I'm willing to live with anything, John. I think you know me. I've lived through things that you wouldn't believe. Alex felt that way. And he also felt -- we're so good; we're doing so well. The economy -- the stock market just hit the highest point yesterday in the history of our country.Our unemployment numbers are the best they've ever been. If you look at specifically certain groups -- African American, Asian, Hispanic -- the best unemployment numbers in the history of our country. You know, there are so many good things, and he didn't want to distract from that. And I understand that, 100 percent.For what?So Paul Ryan was not a talent. He wasn't a leader. When the people in Freedom and great congressmen wanted to go after the Dems for things that they did very badly, he wouldn't give subpoenas, whereas Nancy Pelosi hands them out like they're cookies. Paul Ryan was a lame duck for a long time as Speaker.He was unable to raise money. He lost control of the House. The only success Paul Ryan had was the time that he was with me because we got taxes cut. I got regulation cuts. I did that mostly without him. But for Paul Ryan to be complaining is pretty amazing. I remember a day in Wisconsin -- a state that I won -- where I stood up and made a speech, and then I introduced him and they booed him off the stage -- 10,000 people.So for him to be going out and opening his mouth is pretty incredible. But maybe he gets paid for that. Who knows? Maybe he gets paid for that.So people come into our country illegally. We're taking them out legally. It's very simple. It's not something I like doing, but people have come into our country illegally. We're focused on criminals. We're focused on -- if you look at MS-13 -- but when people come into our country, we take those people out and we take them out very legally.They all have papers. And it's a process. And I have an obligation to do it. They came in illegally; they go out legally. What the Democrats should be doing now is they should be changing the loopholes. They should be changing asylum. I've been talking to that -- to you about this for a long time. They should be changing asylum.There's so many things. Now, let me -- let me give you the good news: Mexico has done an outstanding job so far. If you look at the border, it's down now 30 percent, and that's only one week inclusive where they've gotten it together. The June numbers just came out. It's down. It looks like it's going to end up being a little bit above 30 percent down.It's going to be down more and more. They have 21,000 -- and I say "21,000" -- Mexican soldiers on the borders -- both their southern border and our southern border. And we really have it in control. The problem is -- we have a big problem. The laws are so bad. The Democrats have to help us fix the immigration laws.But even with that, because of the job that Mexico is doing -- and, yes, they maybe did it because of tariffs, but they're doing a great job and I appreciate it.No, no. Who said -- who said that?Look, anything you do, the Democrats will say it's not good. In the meantime, they had a disaster. They had these laws that are so bad -- catch-and-release, and you look at the different laws -- visa lottery, that was a Chuck Schumer law. It's a disaster. A lottery. You pick them out. A lottery. The Democrats have caused tremendous problems.What they've let China get away with -- for years and years, China has been ripping us off. They're not ripping us off anymore. Right now, companies are fleeing China because of the tariffs. And right now, we're taking in billions of dollars. And, by the way, our people are not paying for it. They're paying for it -- they're paying for it by depressing their currency and they're putting a lot of money.Look, nobody's ever done what I've done with China. And that's fine. And we'll get along with China. But you know, when I see a guy like Biden, who is weak and ineffective -- and everybody that knows him knows it. He's a weak man. He's an ineffective man. President Xi laughs at guys like that. Now, with that being said, I would say this: President Xi, Putin, all of these guys go to bed at night and they pray that Joe Biden or somebody like him becomes President so they can continue to rip off our country.No, I had no idea. I had no idea. I haven't spoken to him in many, many years. But I had -- I didn't have no idea.We are looking into it. The platforms are absolutely, in my opinion, 100 percent crooked. They discriminate against Republicans and conservatives. They're 100 percent dishonest. That's my opinion. And something is going to be done. But I can tell you, from personal experience, I see it. I had something happen this morning -- I won't tell you about it yet -- but these platforms are 100 percent -- they're 100 percent dishonest. Please.I was not a fan of Jeffrey Epstein. And you watched people yesterday saying that I threw him out of a club. I didn't want anything to do with him. That was many, many years ago. It shows you one thing: that I have good taste. Okay? Now, other people, they went all over with him. They went to his island. They went all over the place.He was very well known in Palm Beach. His island -- whatever his island was, wherever it is -- I was never there. Find out the people that went to the island. But Jeffrey Epstein was not somebody that I respected. I threw him out. In fact, I think the great James Patterson, who is a member of Mar-a-Lago, made a statement yesterday that, many years ago, I threw him out.I'm not a fan of Jeffrey Epstein.Yes. Yes.You know what? You know what? They came in illegally. They have to go out. We have millions of people standing on line waiting to become citizens of this country. They've taken tests. They've studied. They've learned English. They've done so much. It's -- they've been waiting seven, eight, nine years. We have some waiting 10 years to come in. It's not fair that somebody walks across the line and now they've become citizens of the United States.Well, I wish the British ambassador well. Some people just told me -- too bad -- but they said he actually said very good things about me. He was sort of referring to other people. And I guess I quoted Lindsey Graham today; he said some things that were pretty nice from the British ambassador. But look, I wish the British ambassador well.But they've got to stop their leaking problems there just like they have to stop them in our country.We're not giving warning.No, we're not giving warning.There's nothing to be secret about.Can I tell you what?There's nothing to be secret about. ICE is law enforcement. They're great patriots. They have a tough job. Nothing to be secret about. If the word gets out, it gets out. Because hundreds of people know about it. It's a major operation. So if the word gets out, it gets out. It starts on Sunday, and they're going to take people out and they're going to bring them back to their countries.Or they're going to take criminals out, put them in prison, or put in them in prison in the countries they came from. We're focused on criminals as much as we can, before we do anything else. [Crosstalk]For instance, MS-13 -- very important -- we're taking them out by the thousands. We've already been taking -- you know, we didn't stop this. We've been taking criminals out for the last year. These people have been here for many years -- MS-13. We're taking them out by the thousands. We're getting them out.I think we'll have it in the end where it'll be actually more accurate than a census. Because we have information, gotten through other means, whether you look at Social Security or other places. We have -- including loan applications -- we have information that's probably more accurate than the information we could get by going in and asking somebody, "Are you a citizen?" Because a lot of people aren't going to tell the truth.No. No. Not only didn't I back down, I backed up. Becau- -- anybody else would've given this up a long time ago. The problem is we had three very unfriendly courts. They were judges that weren't exactly in love with this whole thing. And they were wrong. But it would've taken a long time to get through those courts.You understand that better than anybody, John. It would've taken a long time back up to the Supreme Court. So I asked, "Is there another way?" And somebody said there's a way that might be better. It might be more accurate. They explained it. I said, "Then what are we wasting time -- we're going to be in court for the next two years.What are we wasting time for?" In the meantime, we have to, by law, have the printing done. So the printing has starting and we're already finding out who the citizens are and who they're not -- and, I think, more accurately. So, when I heard this, I said, "I think that's actually better. I think what we're doing is actually better." And only the fake news, which there's plenty, would say differently.No, he didn't let me down. No.These are great professionals. These are people that have done this for a long time. We're really looking for criminals as much as we can. We're trying to find the criminal population, which has been coming into this country over the last 10 years. We know who they are, too. We've been taking them out by the thousands -- specifically, gang members from MS-13 and other gangs.We've been taking them out by the thousands.But we are really specifically looking for bad players, but we're also looking for people that came into our country not through a process -- they just walked over a line. They have to leave.Some do. No. No. No. The mayors in sanctuary cities, like -- a mayor like de Blasio, who is probably the worst mayor in the country -- from New York. I don't even know what his attitude is. Nobody does because he doesn't work very hard. Nobody knows what the hell he does. But a guy like de Blasio probably wouldn't want the raid.But many mayors do -- most mayors do. You know why? They don't want to have crimes in their cities or states.So nobody has treated the military better than President Trump. Nobody. Nobody has even come close. And you see that with budgets, you see that with the pay increases, and you see that with medical. But you know where you see it more than any place is with the vets. Because the vets now have Choice. They never had Choice before.For forty- --Wait. Wait. Wait. For 44 years --Wait. Wait. For 44 years -- we are looking at that. For 44 years, they've tried to get Veterans Choice. I got it. Nobody else could've gotten it.Okay. Go ahead.Say it.Well, I think, how many bites at the apple do you get?We've gone through 500 witnesses, 2,500 subpoenas. I've let them interview my lawyers. I've let them inter- -- because I had nothing to do with Russia. Now that's come out. There was no collusion.But how many -- how many people and how many times -- and this has been going on for two and a half years. Rush Limbaugh said there's nobody else in the world that he knows that could've taken it. And on top of taking it, I've been a great President. I've done more --Listen. Listen. I've done more in two and a half years than any other President -- nobody's even close -- including, we just said, Veterans Choice and all of the other things I've gotten. But for two and a half years -- so now they have Mueller go make a speech. That goes. Now they wanted to have him again.They want to go it again and again and again because they want to hurt the President for the election. Because I see what I'm running against. You got Sleepy Joe Biden. He doesn't have the energy to be President. And the people that nipping on his heels -- they don't have what it takes. And I can tell you that China and Russia -- and I've been rougher on Russia than any President in the last 50 years.China and Russia and try North Korea -- where I have a relationship. You don't have a man testing nuclear anymore. You have a man --Wait. Wait. You have a man that was so happy to see me. That's a good thing, not a bad thing. You have a man that doesn't smile a lot. But when he saw me, he smiled. He was happy. You have a man that, when I came into to office, all he was doing before under Obama was testing nuclear weapons and blowing up mountains.And now he's not doing it.There's nothing he can say. He's written a report. The report said, "No collusion." And it said, effectively, "No obstruction," because there's no obstruction. And the other thing, it's very interesting --So they find out there's no collusion. The whole thing is about collusion. So they find out it's no collusion. Now, actually, it was different; it was bad crimes committed by the other side. We'll find out about that. I'm sure that's being looked at right now.So -- so there's no collusion and there's no obstruction. Now, we have a great Attorney General now -- he's strong and he's smart -- and he read it and he studied it -- along with Rod Rosenstein, who worked it from the beginning. And Rod Rosenstein and Bill Barr said, "There's no obstruction." It's also interesting -- number one, there's no crime.And how do you obstruct when there's no crime? Also, take a look at one other thing. It's a thing called Article II. Nobody ever mentions Article II. It gives me all of these rights at a level that nobody has ever seen before. We don't even talk about Article II. So they ruled: no collusion, no objection.Very simple.And you can only -- by the way, you can only get so many bites at the apple. We got to get on to running a country. You got immigration, infrastructure, drug prices. The Democrats aren't working. All they're doing is trying to hurt people like Alex Acosta, a man who has done ---- a man who has done -- I have no idea. Are you a Democrat?I have no idea. You know what I know? You know what I know about Alex? He was a great student at Harvard. He's Hispanic, which I -- which I so admire, because maybe it was a little tougher for him, and maybe not. But he did an unbelievable job as the Secretary of Labor. That's what I know about him. I know one thing: He did a great job.And until this came up, there was never an ounce of problem with this very good man. Go ahead.Well, I think Cortez -- who kept Amazon out of New York, and they don't like her for that; thousands and thousands of jobs -- I think Cortez is being very disrespectful to somebody that's been there a long time. I deal with Nancy Pelosi a lot, and we go back and forth and it's fine. But I think that a group of people is being very disrespectful for her -- to her.And you know what? I don't think that Nancy can let that go on. A group of people that came from -- I don't know where they came from. I'm looking at this Omar from Minnesota, and if one half of the things they're saying about her are true, she shouldn't even be in office. But Cortez should treat Nancy Pelosi with respect.She should not be doing what she's doing. And I'll tell you something about Nancy Pelosi that you know better than I do: She is not a racist. Okay? She is not a racist. For them to call her a racist is a disgrace.Yeah -- and very importantly, today, in a few hours, Vice President Pence and the head of Homeland Security are taking the press and congresspeople into detention centers. And we're the ones that said they were crowded. They're crowded because we have a lot of people. But they're in good shape. And the reason is because the fake-news New York Times wrote a phony story.What Border Patrol is doing -- they've become nurses and janitors and doctors. And they're not trained for that. What they've done is so incredible. So they're touring detention centers. And that was my idea because I read a phony story in the New York Times today -- or the other day -- about the detention centers, about the conditions.And I had people calling me up at the highest levels from Border Patrol and ICE, almost crying, about that phony story. And they never saw anything. They have phony sources. They don't even have sources. They write whatever they want. The New York Times is a very dishonest newspaper. They write what they want.And what they do is a tremendous disservice to this country. They are truly the enemy of the people, I'll tell you that. They are the enemy of the people. And what they wrote about detention centers is unfair. Now, I believe it's going to be the center they wrote about, but we're taking a tour. They are -- I'd love to be there, but I'm going to Ohio, Wisconsin.I'll be going. I'll be going. But I've seen it. I've seen it. And these centers are -- I mean, to have Ocasio say, "They're drinking out of toilets." She made that up, okay? That's a phony story. She made it up. And these people, they -- I'll tell you what, I've been with ICE and I've been with Border Patrol a lot.They love those people coming across the border. They love them. And I've seen it. They love them.So one of the reasons the Democrats don't want to have a census is because the number of people in the United States, for many years -- you know, for years, you've heard 11 million; it's far greater than that. But we'll find out because I'm going to do something much more accurate than the way we -- the way we did it in the census would never have been very accurate.What we're doing will be much more accurate.The wall is being built. The wall is being built. We had a couple of very good decisions. We had one bad decision. It's very tough. Again, Paul Ryan let us down. Paul Ryan was a terrible Speaker. Frankly, he was a baby. He didn't know what the hell he was doing. The wall let us down. Now, in all fairness, the problem with -- during -- when we had both houses -- in the Senate, you need 60 votes.Well, we don't have 60 votes. We had 51 last time. Now we have 53 because we won during the '18 election, which nobody wants to say, just so you understand. So the wall is being built. We had one setback. We had one tremendous victory. And I had a tremendous victory that was very rarely covered by the press.Two days ago, I won the emoluments case. That was the biggest case of them all. I won the emoluments case. People don't know that, by being President, I lose billions of dollars. By my being President -- and especially in money I can't make because I don't do deals. But I lose billions of dollars. But, another thing, I get a salary of $400- or $450,000 a year.I don't think any other President has ever given up -- it's a lot of money, almost a half a million dollars. I give it up. I don't think I've ever seen anybody say, "I give up my salary." I'm not looking for credit, but I give up my salary. I get zero. I get zero. But you know what makes me happy?That we're doing a great job. And I want to thank Alex Acosta. He was a great, great Secretary.Iran better be careful. They're treading on very dangerous territory. Iran, if you're listening, you better be careful.They had a big win yesterday. We have some very big cases having to do with that. We'll see where it [Inaudible].Thank you very much. We've had great economic numbers that came out. You saw that over the weekend; you saw it on Friday. We have just spectacular economic numbers. We're doing better than any nation on the planet. And we're very honored by that. In addition to which, we're paying interest rates, which the previous administration essentially didn't pay.So we've had tremendous numbers coming out and that's a big thing. Our economy is doing incredibly. I want to congratulate the women's soccer team on winning the World Cup. That's an incredible achievement. It was a very exciting game. I got to see a little bit of it. And they're great players, and it's a great honor to have them capture it for the United States -- fourth time -- and that's a tremendous thing.So congratulations to the team on the World Cup. And if you have any questions, go ahead.Iran better be careful because you enrich for one reason -- and I won't tell you what that reason is, but it's no good. They better be careful.No, I haven't seen it. But, you know, we've had our little ins and outs with -- with a couple of countries. And I would say that the UK and the ambassador has not served the UK well, I can tell you that. We're not -- we're not big fans of that man, and he has not served the UK well. So I can understand it. And I can say things about him, but I won't bother.Yeah, we're moving ahead with the census. They're spending $15 billion or some ridiculous amount of money on a census. I don't know why we can't do that through the computers of the world because, frankly, that's the way you can do a census today and probably a lot more accurately. But they're spending 15 to 20 billion dollars on a census.They're asking everything, except "Are you a citizen of the United States?" How ridiculous is that? So we are moving forward; we have a couple of avenues. And our Attorney General is doing a fantastic job, in many ways, and I think he's got it under control.We can do a memorandum. We can do an executive order. We're looking at different things, but there are other alternatives. And, again, I believe our Attorney General -- he's a fantastic man and I think he's got it very well under control.Yeah, I think the New York Times story is a hoax. I think anything the New York Times writes nowadays --they're -- they're really -- you know, they use the word "unhinged" -- the New York Times. I call it the "failing New York Times" for a reason. Check out their unfunded liability and see what they're worth.They're a failing -- they're already a failed New York Times. But when they write a story like that, I went to my people, and they said, "Sir, it's not true." We told them about a crisis. They said it was "manufactured." They laughed and they scoffed for months, and then it turned out that it wasn't manufactured.It's a crisis. We were right about that. We told them that the detention centers are really full, and they've got to change the loopholes and they have to change asylum; they have to change the immigration laws. We could do it quickly, but we have no votes to do it because the Democrats won't vote. We need some of their votes.But the New York Times story is a fabrication. Now, I look at things in the -- I saw, visually -- I had people there that told me the job that they are doing is incredible. And, in all cases, if you look -- people that came from unbelievable poverty -- that had no water, that had no anything where they came from -- those are people that are very happy with what's going on because, relatively speaking, they're in much better shape right now.The Border Patrol and all of the law enforcement that's working on the border -- it's incredible what they're doing. They've had to become nurses. They've had to become janitors. They've had to become things that they were never trained to do, all because the Democrats refuse to change the loopholes and the asylum laws, the immigration laws.So I think it's a disgrace. And the New York Times is basically a partner with the Democrats, the way I look at it. They should never be allowed to write stories like that. It's a disgrace.Yeah, the numbers are going down because Mexico is doing a lot. Mexico is building up to over 20,000 soldiers at the border, so the numbers are going down. Yes.I would like to see that. And you also have to look at numbers because, when you look at World Cup soccer, that's one thing, and you also have to look at soccer professionals out there. You have to see who's taking in what. So I don't know what those numbers are. I would like to see that. But, again, you have to look at the great stars of the men's soccer and the great stars of the women's soccer, and you have to see, year round, how are they all drawing -- what's the attendance for women's soccer outside of World Cup. But I would like to see it, yes.No, I don't know about it. That I don't know about.What?We haven't really thought about it. We will look at that, certainly. Yeah, Jeff.Iran is doing a lot of bad things. And remember this: The Obama agreement, which was the most foolish agreement that you'll ever find -- it expires in a very short period of time. So whether you have this conversation now or in a number of years from now -- a few number of years -- it's a very important conversation, except, the way they want it, they would have automatic right to have nuclear weapons.Iran will never have a nuclear weapon. Thank you very much.Well, we're doing very well with China. That's right; they're meeting. But we're -- most importantly, we're doing very well with the tariffs. We're taking in billions and billions of dollars from China. We've never taken in ten cents from China. China has ripped us off during Obama and Biden; during, in all fairness, Bush and other Presidents; and Clinton, obviously.And right now China is not very happy because thousands of companies are leaving China and they're going to other places, including the United States, because they don't want to pay tariffs. And the other thing is, China is paying the tariff. They're devaluing their currency and they're pumping money in. That's paying for the tariff.Our people have not been paying for the tariff. Thank you.Well, if the Fed knew what it was doing, they would lower rates and they would stop quantitative tightening. If you look at Europe, what they're doing is they're pumping money in and they're having rates lowered so they can compete with us. Just remember, the European Union was set up in order to compete with the United States.Okay? And when they have a man -- Draghi -- if you look at what he's done, I mean, he's made them somewhat competitive. Now, despite everything, they're not doing well and we're doing great. Europe is not doing well at all. They're doing great. But we're put in an unfair playing field when they cut interest rates and when they pump in a lot of money.And we're doing just the opposite; we're taking money out and interest rates have gone up. If the Fed didn't do what it did or if it did even half, we would have a Dow that would be -- as good as it is; we're doing so good -- but we would have a Dow that would be anywhere from 5- to 10,000 points higher.What we're going to do is I'm going to start showing some of the detention centers because -- to the press. I want the press to go in and see them. And I just spoke to Mark Morgan. And I just spoke with, as you know, Kevin. So we're going send people in. We're going to have some of the press go in and see them, because they're crowded and we're the ones who were complaining about they're crowded.They're crowded because people come up. But, now, thanks to Mexico, it's slowing down greatly, and I think you'll start seeing some very good numbers. But it is crowded. But we want to have the press go in and see because, you know, the New York Times -- it really is fake news. Thank you everybody.Thank you very much everybody.That's a great crowd of people. We had a phenomenal crowd last night, and it was a fantastic evening for our country. You're going to have a lot of people being recruited, I think, based on that. We're going to have a lot of -- a lot of people joining our military. And we really needed that. Our job numbers are so good that the military has a hard time getting people.And I think, really, that you're going to see a big spike. I've already heard it -- a lot of people calling in. No place like our military. I think we showed that last night. We had great numbers this morning. I think it was 224,000 jobs. Those were really unexpectedly good. And our country continues to do really well.Really, really well. So we're very happy about it. I think we're going to -- we're going to be breaking records. If we had a Fed that would lower interest rates, we'd be like a rocket ship, but we're paying a lot of interest and it's unnecessary. But we don't have a Fed that knows what they're doing, so it's one of those little things.But if we had a Fed that would lower rates, you would have a rocket ship. When Obama -- President Obama -- was here, he paid close to zero interest rates. I'm paying real interest, and yet our economy is much better than it's ever been. From Election Day, we're over 50 percent increase, and we pay trillions and trillions of dollars -- with a "T" -- trillions.So we're doing very well. But last night was spectacular. Yes.Yeah. I would love rural broadband. We're working on it. And I would love to have the Democrats come back and talk about infrastructure, talk about drug pricing. We're going to be announcing something very shortly -- a favored nations clause. As you know, for years and years, other nations paid less for drugs than we do -- sometimes by 60, 70 percent.We're going to be -- and we're working on it right now. We're working on a favored nations clause, where we pay whatever lowest nation's price is. Why should other nations, like Canada -- but why should other nations pay much less than us? They've taken advantage of the system for a long time -- pharma.So we're working on, right now, a favored nations clause, so that whatever the lowest nation is, anywhere in the world -- or company -- but the lowest nation or company. Then what happens is we will pay that amount, and that's being worked on right now. We're going to do it in the form of an executive order.We're thinking about doing that. It's one of the ways; we have four or five ways we can do it. It's one of the ways that we're thinking about doing it very seriously. We're doing well on the census.No, he made a statement. He wrote something out. The judge didn't like it. I have a lot of respect for Justice Roberts. But he didn't like it. But he did say, "Come back." Essentially, he said, "Come back." That's what he was saying.So we'll see what happens. We could also add an addition on so we can start the printing now and maybe do an addendum after we get a positive decision. So we're working on a lot things, including an executive order.I don't think I'm bully at all. I just don't like taking -- being taken advantage of by other countries, by pharmaceutical companies, by all of the people that have taken advantage of this country. You look at what Joe Biden has done with China. We've lost our shirts with China and now China is dying to make a deal.So -- and we're taking, by the way, billions and billions of dollars in tariffs are coming in -- and China is paying for it, not our people. So, if you look at what we've done, and if you look at what we've straightened out, the -- I call it the "Obama-Biden mess." We're straightening it out, whether it's North Korea -- you were going to end up in a war with North Korea as sure as you're standing there.And now the relationship is a good relationship. We'll see what happens. But as sure as you're there, you were going to end up in a war with North Korea.Well, I don't call them "raids." I say they came in illegally, and we're bringing them out legally. These are people where we have the papers, we've gone through the court system. They'll be starting fairly soon. But I don't call them "raids." We're removing people that have come in -- all of these people over the years that have come in illegally -- we are removing them and bringing them back to their country.Well, I don't think of it in terms of that; we're just celebrating our country. But there is nobody stronger. There's nobody that has a military anywhere close to ours. As you know, we spent $700 billion. When I took over the military, it was absolutely depleted. We had old planes, we had old jets, we had bad -- I mean, just stuff that was tired.Now we have the finest jets in the world: the F-35; the F-18s -- the new one. We have military equipment the likes of which we've never had. Building submarines, building aircraft carriers -- all made in the USA. So it's a double. It's all made -- Now, I'm all about jobs. We had great job numbers today. But when it comes to the military, it's not about jobs.We have to have the greatest in the world. There's nobody that comes close. And our military now is just about the top -- just about the best it's ever been. There's nobody that comes close to the power we have in our military. What we have -- and, in fact, if you look, our nuclear now is in great shape.We've renovated. We've fixed. We're buying some new. Never want to use it. You never want to use it. But we have to be in a position that -- we have to be in a position. But our nuclear is in great shape. Our military now is in great shape.Well, I can just tell you, those people that you see -- there's a lot of people in front of the White House -- every one of them loved it. I would actually say -- and I want to sort of give a little appreciation -- the media, generally speaking, loved it. They loved the evening. We had a lot of rain. I stood in the rain.The teleprompter went out, so I had --Yeah, the teleprompter went out. It kept going on. And then, at the end, it just went out. It went kaput. So I could have said -- and, actually, right in the middle of that sentence, it went out. And that's not a good feeling, when you're standing in front of millions of millions of people on television, and -- I don't know what the final count was, but that went all the way back to the Washington Monument.And I guess the rain knocked out the teleprompter. So -- but, no, it's not that. I knew the speech very well, so I was able to do it without a teleprompter. But the teleprompter did go out. And it was actually hard to look at anyway because there was rain all over it. But, despite the rain, that was just a fantastic evening.I think people really had it. And I think a lot of people -- you know, it was really a recruitment situation. A lot of people are going to be going our Army, Navy, Air Force, Marines, Coast Guard.Well, she campaigned on "I'm going to get Trump. I'm going to get Trump." She never knew me. I never met her. I don't know who she is. But she cam- -- her whole campaign was that. And that's illegal; you're not allowed to do that. She knew nothing about me. She campaigned -- "Oh, I'm going to get Trump. I'm..."We have 100 clips, and so do you. And you can't do that. Our system isn't about that. Our system isn't about, "Let's see if we can find something." You can't do that. But her whole campaign was "I'm going to get Trump. I'm going to get him." You can't do that.It would have to be a long time. You know what? It's very interesting. After 500 witnesses, 2,500 subpoenas, every single person I know, practically, was called in one form of another -- nothing. And I'll tell you what: Even with you people -- you're honest people -- none of you could have withstood that.They would have found something. If there was a comma put in the wrong place, if there was period in the wrong location, they would have grabbed it. No collusion. No obstruction. After that, it's almost -- it's amazing. You know what it shows? It shows I'm a very honest guy.So China -- so we'll see what happens. They're talking to us. They want to make a deal. But we had a deal, and they broke it. They broke the deal. They shouldn't have broken it. I think if they had it to do again, they wouldn't. Because, right now, we put very big tariffs on, and we have a lot more to put on if we want.But China broke a deal. We are talking to them. We'll see what happens.We'll see what happens with Iran. Iran has to be very, very careful.Say it.You'll know in about two weeks. There was a very -- a very interesting problem that they had in New Hampshire. And I can't tell you about it. It was a very -- but it had nothing to do with White House. There was a problem up there. And I won't go into what the problem was, but you'll see in about a week or two.The southern border is being policed very well by Mexico. Mexico is doing far more than the Democrats -- we all know it -- because of tariffs, but they've been great. They've put 6,000 people. They have many of them there now on the southern border -- their southern border. On our southern border, which is the main border that you think of, they're going to have anywhere between 16,000 and 21,000 troops.It's had a big effect. They've only been there for about a week, where they actually had the troops. But it's had a tremendous effect, tremendous impact. And you'll see the numbers starting to come in very well. Guatemala is going to be signing a safe third agreement. We're talking to Mexico. But Mexico is really doing a good job, I have to say.Very -- very big [Inaudible]. But here's the thing: When people come in illegally, and then it's crowded -- and I've seen some of those places, and they are run beautifully. They're clean. They're good. They do a great job.They do a great job. They're crowded because the Democrats will not give us any relief from these loopholes. We have loopholes that are so bad. We have asylum that's so bad. So these places are -- many of them; not all of them, but many of them -- they're incredible. They're really well run. I'll tell you what, and I said it yesterday: Border Patrol did not train to be doctors and nurses and janitors.That's not what they trained to be. They trained to be Border Patrol. And that's what they're doing, and they're doing a phenomenal job. Because of the country, because we're doing so well as a country -- we never -- we've never done this well. Two days ago, we hit the highest stock market number we've ever had in the history of our country.Our country is doing great. Unemployment is very low. We just came out with 224,000 new jobs. The numbers are unbelievable. And that's bringing people up like they've never come up. Border Patrol and ICE have done a great job. Now, people are being removed from the country. We're removing them. We're starting with the MS-13. We've taken out thousands of MS-13 and gangs.But we've never had an onslaught -- and the reason they came up is because -- and they come up -- is because the country is doing well. They want jobs.I think they do great job with those facilities. But do you know how it should be taken care of? Number one: Tell them not to come because it's illegal. Very unfair to people that have been waiting on line for seven or eight years, and they're about to be admitted, and they've studied and they know the country and the history and everything, and then a person comes in -- walks in -- and, all of the sudden, they've become a citizen or they're allowed to stay.So thousands and thousands of people will be legally removed from the country, and that process has started. And we've actually been doing that for a long time.Well, that I don't know because I don't run it. But I would say this: Probably every club in the United States has that because it seems to be, from what I understand, a way that people did business. But we've ended -- whatever they did, we have a very strict rule that -- those rules are very strict.But it seems that every club, practically, in the United States -- that's the way they did business.Well, I haven't seen it. I will say this: I think that the Border Patrol has been treated very, very badly by certain members of Congress -- very, very badly. For the most part, they're very respected by Congress, but certain members of Congress say very bad things and lie and exaggerate. And Border Patrol people are tough people; they're not happy about it.I just spoke with the Attorney General. We have a number of different avenues. We could use all of them or one. We're doing very well on that issue. We're spending 15 to 20 billion dollars on a census. We're doing everything; we're finding out everything about everybody. Think of it: 15 to 20 billion dollars, and you're not allowed to ask them, "Are you a citizen?"And, by the way, if you look at the history of our country, it's almost always been asked. So we're looking -- we're fighting very hard against a system that's a very difficult system. But we'll make a decision. The Attorney General is working on that right now.Well, you need it for many reasons. Number one, you need it for ---- Congress. You need it for Congress, for districting. You need it for appropriations. Where are the funds going? How many people are there? are they citizens? are they not citizens? You need it for many reasons.What?I thought Ivanka was amazing at the G20. And I'll tell you, the foreign leaders loved her, and they just think she's great. She's very smart, and she's done a great job. She sacrificed a lot. Ivanka and Jared work very hard, and they sacrificed a lot to be doing this, but they want to do it. Ivanka has worked on almost 10 million jobs -- training, and going to companies, and getting them to hire people.But the people -- the foreign leaders -- really like her a lot.I'm not grooming her for office. No.Well, as you know, President Obama had separation. President Obama, in 2014, built the cells that you always show on television. They were built -- they were built by President Obama. But he had separation. The one thing he didn't have is a good economy, so he didn't have the kind of onslaught that we're having.We have a tremendous onslaught on people. Who can blame them? They want to get in; they want to take advantage of the economy. But they have to come in -- they have to come in legally and through merit. I think this: Border Patrol has done an incredible job and Mexico has been doing an incredible job.Yeah, it is. Wilbur is a good man. Look, a lot of people thought his answer was fine; I didn't see the answer yet. They thought it was fine. It could be expanded, very simply. There are many reasons that you do it. But, you know, we were surprised by that decision. Citizenship has been on that thing most of the time for many, many years.So it's very shocking that, after spending $15 billion, it's not on.No, no. Tell Biden that NATO has taken total advantage of him and President Obama. They took it -- we were paying for almost all of NATO. We're protecting countries. Those countries have to protect themselves with us. They have to make a contribution. In my first year, I raised over $100 billion from those countries.Biden didn't know what the hell he was doing and neither did President Obama. NATO was taking advantage of -- now they're paying. They still owe us a lot of money. Biden doesn't know about that. He just thinks, stupidly, we do. NATO is fine, but they have to pay their way. The United States is not going to get killed on trade with Europe.Europe kills us on trade, which we're changing, and Europe then kills us because we defend Europe. And we lose a tremendous amount of money, but we lose on trade and the military. President Obama and Vice President Biden, they didn't have a clue. They got taken advantage of by China, by NATO, by every country they did business with.I don't know that I'll be able.No, I'm -- I hope they do well. I hope they win.He called Kim Jong Un on numerous occasions to meet. President Obama wanted to meet with Kim Jong Un. And Kim Jong Un said no. Numerous occasions he called. And right now, we have a very nice relationship. We've done a lot. And we've gotten -- we've gotten our hostages back. We're getting the remains back.A lot of good things are happening. And there's been no nuclear testing. During President Obama, they were nuclear testing. They were sending missiles. Right now, everything is nice and quiet. Thank you.Thank you. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. It’s been a really great period of time. I’ll be leaving now, as you know, for South Korea. Some of you will be coming with us. I understand that we may be meeting with Chairman King -- Kim. And we’ll find out. We spoke with the people. Kim Jong Un was very receptive.He responded. And so, we’ll see. Because tomorrow we’re going to the DMZ. I said, “While I’m there, I’ll shake his hand.” We get along. There’s been no nuclear tests. There’s been no long-range ballistic tests. Gave us back our hostages, which was great. And a lot of good things are happening over there.So I let him know we’ll be there, and we’ll see. I mean, I don’t -- I can’t tell you exactly, but they did respond very favorably. I want to thank everyone for being here today. That’s a lot of press. A lot of press is outside, too. They’re less happy than you are. But the G20 Summit has been fantastic.Prime Minister Abe has done an incredible job, as he always does. And he hosted it very beautifully. You know where it’s going to be next year, I think. Do most of you know where it’s going to be next year? It’s going to be in a very great part of the world. And we’ll be announcing exactly what’s happening.But this was a really good summit and really well done -- so professionally done. This marks my third visit to Japan as President. Melania and I are -- we’ve just left Tokyo a short while ago, as you know -- a very short while ago -- where we were the first state guests to their Majesties the Emperor and Empress of Japan.And that was thrilling. First time in 202 years that an event like that took place, so that was quite exciting. And I’m thrilled to be back. I always like being back in Japan. We’ve had a great relationship. We’ve never been closer to Japan than we are right now. Over the past two days, leaders from the world’s largest economies have convened here at Osaka, which is a tremendous city.You fly over and you say, “Does it ever stop?” It’s big. It’s beautiful. It’s clean. And it’s really a -- the job they do with industrial manufacturing and lots of other things is really incredible. We had a very productive conversation with a number of the leaders -- not only nations but business leaders here in Japan.And together, we put together a lot of ideas and a lot of challenges for the future that we’ll be able to meet and get things going very well. Our meetings also touched on women’s economic empowerment. You probably saw that Ivanka Trump was -- she’s done a fantastic job, and also a fantastic job in getting jobs for a lot of people within our country -- almost 10 million people.The importance of resilient and secure infrastructure, we discussed that at great length. The need to uphold the rule of law. And the critical importance of achieving a future for international trade that works all of the time for all of the people. In addition to the working sessions -- we had a lot of working sessions; many of you were at the working sessions -- I had tremendous bilateral meetings with many of the heads of state.And just some of them are Australia, Japan, India, Germany, Russia, Brazil, Saudi Arabia, China, Turkey, UK. And I met with Mexico also -- with the representatives of Mexico who have done an incredible job. They’ve really stepped up to the plate. I appreciate it and I want to thank them. They have 6,000 troops at their southern border, by Guatemala, and it’s very hard to come in now.And they have -- they just ordered -- really, it was somewhat of a surprise -- 16,000 troops at our southern border. Their immigration laws are very strong. Ours are a disaster. Ours are a disgrace to our country. We have loopholes and asylum that -- we could fix the asylum very quickly. We could get rid of and fix the loopholes, but we could get rid of the loopholes, and we would have absolutely no problem at the border.But if you watch the debates -- if you call them debates, or whatever they were -- they don’t really -- I think they want open borders, I guess -- even though, four years ago, they wanted walls to be built. I heard we just had another judge rule against us on a section of wall, and that's a disgrace. We'll appeal it right away.Ninth Circuit, as usual. They go right into that Ninth Circuit. The good news: I put a lot of judges in, and a number of them are in the Ninth Circuit now. And it's very unfair. It's very unfair when a judge can do what they do, where a judge in a certain area can close down a country. But we also had a big victory last week with the wall.We had a judge in D.C. who gave us a very big victory. So we're building a lot of wall. But we had a ruling just yesterday, late, from a judge in the Ninth Circuit, again. So we're immediately appealing it, and we think we'll win the appeal. There was no reason that that should’ve happened. And a lot of wall is being built, and, again, Mexico is doing a real job.Our Border Patrol, they've done incredible work. And ICE is -- they're just special people. Law enforcement, generally, is just -- is special. So, with that, I just want to say that these meetings have been great. The one that I guess most people are interested in is China. We had a great meeting. President Xi. And we've known each for as long as I'm President.And many of you were at the event in China a year ago, when -- I've never seen anything like it. The -- it was beautiful. We talked about it; we dinner last night, President Xi and a number of us. And it was something really incredible, in Beijing. The red carpet was rolled out for all of us -- for this country, for our country.And we had a great meeting, and we will be continuing to negotiate. And I promised that, for at least the time being, we're not going to be lifting tariffs on China. We won't be adding an additional tremendous amount of -- we have, I guess, $350 billion left, which could be taxed or it could be tariffed.And we're not doing that. We're going to work with China on where we left off, to see if we can make a deal. China is going to start -- they're going to be consulting with us, and they're going to start spending money, even during the negotiation, to our farmers, our great farmers in the Midwest. I call them the "great patriots" because that's what they are.They're patriots. And China is going to be buying a tremendous amount of food and agricultural product, and they're going to start that very soon, almost immediately. We're going to give them lists of things that we'd like them to buy. Our farmers are going to be a tremendous beneficiary. You know, if you look at farmers -- for 15 years, before I came into the -- into this position, farms and farmers have had a hard time.If you look at that graph, it was -- it was down, fairly steeply down. And a lot of it was because NAFTA was a terrible deal. And we have -- I spoke with Nancy Pelosi last night about the USMCA -- that's Mexico and Canada. And it's now before them, and they'll have to make a decision. But that's one that the farmers love, the manufacturers love, the unions love.It's a great deal for this country. And NAFTA was, I think, one of the worst trade deals ever made. Maybe the WTO was worse. The WTO, from the time that happened in '95 -- from the time that happened, China became like a rocket ship. It was pretty much flat-lined, and then, all of a sudden, they joined the WTO and they became -- they went -- I mean, they went through the roof.And very much to our liability, it's -- we lost tremendous amounts of money over the -- from that time. I mean, we just lost tremendous amounts. It was a terrible deal, the WTO -- world trade. And if you look at NAFTA, NAFTA has been a disaster for our country. The USMCA is a great deal for our country. I think Canada is happy, but they're not happy like we're happy, but they're very happy.It's a good deal for Canada, a good deal for Mexico. They want it. Mexico just approved it in full. Canada is waiting for us to approve it. I was with the Prime Minister -- just left him a little while ago -- and they're thrilled with the deal, and we're thrilled. Everybody wants it. And hopefully it will be a bipartisan deal.I view that. I told that to Nancy Pelosi. I said, "View this as a bipartisan deal," because a lot of the Democrats want it, especially, I would say, the farmers, but, really, the industrial areas also. The unions -- we've got things on wages and we've got things on the environment that few people have ever been able to get into an agreement.And it's a very big deal. It's a very big deal. And it's a great deal. Tremendous support. So they have to put it up for a vote. And I think you'll get a great vote in the House and you'll get a great vote in the Senate. And you'll have a tremendous trade deal between the United States and Canada and Mexico.And it's going to be something very special. So we spend a lot of time with a lot of countries. We do business with a lot of them. Australia is an example. With Japan, we're negotiating with them because they send us millions of cars and we send them wheat. Doesn’t work. But what happens is Japan is -- you probably saw some of the things they're doing -- but they're opening up many car companies and factories and plants throughout our country, especially in Michigan.We have a lot of activity in Ohio. Beyond Japan activity, we have a lot of activity now where companies are coming back to our country. We're the hot show. We're the hottest show in town. We're the hottest show in the world right now. Our economy is the best. One thing that every leader -- virtually every leader that I dealt with said is that, "Congratulations.It's incredible what's happened to the American economy." We're the best economy in the world. And it's something. And it started from Election Day. I put it out yesterday because we took a tremendous boost from -- the day after I got elected, the stock market went crazy, from that point until essentially now.I think we hit, in certain of the markets, we hit the all-time high again for many, many times. I can't tell you what it was, but many, many times we broke the record. And we're -- you know, our stock market is great. Our jobs are great. We have the best job numbers, essentially, we've ever had. In some categories, definitely we've ever had.The minimum, you could say, is in 51 years, but it's really more than that, and now it's going to be more than that. African American, Asian American -- you saw that -- Hispanic American: the best numbers in history -- the history of our country. We have the lowest unemployment numbers. Best numbers. And many others too.Blue-collar workers are doing fantastic. They're the biggest beneficiary of the tax cuts, the blue collar. Blue collar. You know, we talk about for the rich; it's really for everybody. And it's also for big companies where they're moving here. And remember who owns the stocks. Because the people that own the stock, it's not the big companies; it's the people with 401 [K)s whose numbers are at 60 percent and 70 percent and 42 percent, and all different numbers that are tremendously high -- where the other spouse thinks that the spouse that's investing in the 401(k] is a super genius.But those 401(k)s are very high. And if you listen to what I've been listening to -- and we're not going to devote anytime to it -- but with that kind of an attitude, their 401(k)s are going to crash and the market would crash because, with what they want to do, you would crash the market, and the amount of wealth that would be lost would be incredible.But I'd rather wait until later in the campaign to say that because, to be honest with you, I want them to go and take these policies and bring them up. I don't want them to change them anytime soon. Let them go have a good time. But it's been very interesting to watch what's happening. Actually, I found it very interesting.So, with that, we’ll take a few questions and then I'm heading out to South Korea. And I may or may not see Kim Jong Un. But we'll be heading out to South Korea; spend about a day and a half there with President Moon, who is a really good guy. He was here too, as you know. I saw him. I met with him also.And we'll see what happens. Please, John.Yes.Sure, I would. I would. I'd feel very comfortable doing that. I would have no problem. With respect to China, basically we agreed today that we were going to continue the negotiation -- which I ended a while back -- and we're going to continue the negotiation. We agreed that I would not be putting tariffs on the $325 billion that I would have the ability to put on if I wanted; that -- where, you know, we're fairly advanced, depending where you want to look at and where you want to start.Pretty advanced. We discussed -- we did discuss numerous other things. We mentioned Huawei. I said, "We'll have to save that until the very end. We'll have to see." One of the things I will allow, however, is -- a lot of people are surprised -- we send and we sell to Huawei a tremendous amount of product that goes into the various things that they make.And I said that that's okay, that we will keep selling that product. These are American companies, John, that make product. And that's very complex, by the way. Highly scientific. And in some cases, we're the ones that do it and we're the only ones that do it. We're the only ones with the technology. What we've done in Silicon Valley is incredible actually.And nobody has been able to compete with it. And I've agreed -- and pretty easily -- I've agreed to allow them to continue to sell that product so American companies will continue. And they were having a problem. The companies were not exactly happy that they couldn't sell because they had nothing to do with whatever was potentially happening with respect to Huawei.So I did do that. We talked about education and students. Somebody was saying it was harder for a Chinese students to come in. And that's something that if it were -- it somebody viewed it that way, I don't. We want to have Chinese students come and use our great schools, our great universities. They've been great students and tremendous assets.But we did discuss it. It was brought up as a point, and I said that will be just like anybody else, just like any other nation. And we're actually going to a point where, you know, we're looking that if you graduate from a college, because our great companies -- we talk about Silicon Valley and other places -- we have a problem in this -- in our country that you graduate number one in your class from the best school in the country, and they say you have to leave; we can't keep them.And we're going to make it -- we're going to call it the "smart person's waiver." But we're going to make it so that they can not only stay but maybe they have access to green cards. We want to keep these people here. We have to keep -- yeah, go ahead, John.Sure.That could happen. But we're holding on tariffs and they're going to buy farm product. So, you know -- so -- but that could happen, John. This doesn't mean there's going to be a deal, but they would like to make a deal. I can tell you that. And if we could make a deal, it would be a very historic event. You know, we've never really had a deal with China.We have -- we've had tremendous deficits. Tremendous amounts of money was put into China -- $500 billion a year. And I mean, you know, not just surplus and deficit. I'm talking about real, hard cash. And it should have never, ever been allowed to have happened for all of our Presidents over the last number of years.Go ahead, please.No, I'm not thinking about that at all. I'm just saying that it's an unfair agreement. And I've told him that for the last six months. I said, "Look, if somebody attacks Japan, we go after them and we are in a battle -- full force in effect." We are locked in a battle and committed to fight for Japan. If somebody should attack the United States, they don't have to do that.That's unfair. That's the kind of deals we made. That's -- every deal is like that. I mean it's almost like we had people that they didn't either care or they were stupid. But that's the kind of deals we have. That's just typical. But I have been -- I told him -- I said we're going to have to change it. Because -- look, nobody is going to attack us, I hope.But, you know, should that happen -- it's far more likely that it could be the other way -- but should that happen, somebody attacks us, if we're helping them, they're going to have help us. And he knows that. And he's going to have no problem with that. Yes, please.When what? On what?We didn't discuss Ms. Meng. We didn't -- that was not discussed. We did discuss Huawei but we didn't discuss her situation.Well, I did say it. You're to have to take a look at the words. I did say it. And we had a discussion. We had a great -- actually, we had a great discussion, President Putin and myself. I thought it was really a tremendous discussion. I think they'd like to do trade with the United States. And they have great product.They have great land. They have very rich land. And a lot of oil, a lot of minerals, and the kind of things that we like. And I can see trade going out with Russia. We could do fantastically well. We do very little trade with Russia, which is ridiculous, frankly. So I could see some very positive things happening.Yeah, but as per your question though, I did say it and I did discuss it a little bit after that too. Yeah, please.Russia. Russia. Russia. Isn't it crazy? Okay, Jimmy Carter -- look, he was a nice man. He was a terrible President. He's a Democrat. And it's a typical talking point. He's loyal to the Democrats, and I guess you should be. But as everybody now understands, I won not because of Russia, not because of anybody but myself.I went out -- I campaigned better, smarter, harder than Hillary Clinton. I went to Wisconsin. I went to Michigan the night of the vote. I had 32,000 people at 1 o'clock in the morning on Election Day. I won Michigan. I won Wisconsin. I won Pennsylvania. I won states that traditionally haven't been won by a Republican.For many years haven't been won by a Republican. And this had nothing to do with anybody but the fact that I worked harder and much smarter than Hillary Clinton did. Now, I'll say this: Jimmy Carter -- I was surprised that he would make a statement. I saw it. It was not a big thing but I saw the statement.And it's -- you know, a lot of Democrats like to make that statement. He's been trashed within his own Party. He's been badly trashed. I felt badly for him because if you look over the years, his Party has virtually -- he's like the forgotten President. And I understand why they say that. He was not a good President.Look at what happened with Iran. That was a disaster. What Iran did to him -- they tied him up in knots. The reason Ronald Reagan probably because President. So, you know, it's a democrat talking point. Yeah, please. Go ahead. Jim.Sure.No.I don’t know that anybody asked me.No, not at all. I don’t really care about offending people. I sort of thought you'd know that. [Laughter]And, by the way, congratulations. I understand your book -- is it doing well?Really?Good. Send it. I want to see it.Send me a copy. No, I get along with everybody -- except you people, actually. I get along with a lot of people. I have a tremendous relationship with President Xi. Nobody else would have the deal that we have. We're getting tens of billions of dollars from China coming in. A lot of things are happening.And despite that, we're moving along towards something that could be very historic. But I get along with President Putin. I get along with Mohammad from Saudi Arabia. Look, I spoke to Saudi Arabia when the oil prices, a year ago, were getting very high. And I wasn’t so nice. And I said, "You got to get some more oil into the system because what's happening is no good." And they did.And the people are driving at, you know, very low numbers right now. You haven’t seen. In the old days, you'd have spikes where the gasoline went to $5 and more, and it wasn’t so good. But I also get along with people that would be perceived as being very nice. You have a lot of very nice leaders of countries.I was with --I was with -- wait a minute. I was with Prime Minister May today. I was with so many. You take a look. New head of Australia. Look at Japan -- Abe. Prime Minister Abe is a fine -- they're all fine, as far as I'm concerned. Some are stronger than others. Some are tougher than others. And a lot of people --Yeah.Yes, I do. I think it's horrible. Or anybody else, by the way.But I think it's horrible. And, if you look, and look into Saudi Arabia and you see what's happening, 13 people or so have been prosecuted. Others are being prosecuted. They’ve taken it very, very seriously, and they will continue to. And I've let everybody know I'm not -- I’m very unhappy about that whole event.But if you look at what's going on -- and right now, within Saudi Arabia, they're prosecuting additional people. There's a lot of things happening. At the same time, I will also say -- and nobody said -- nobody, so far, has pointed directly a finger at the future King of Saudi Arabia. I will say I spoke to his father, Jim. I spoke to his father at great length.They've been a terrific ally. They're creating millions of jobs in this country. They're ordering equipment, not only military equipment, but $400 billion worth of -- and, actually, even more than that over a period time -- worth of different things. And with that being said, I'm extremely angry and unhappy about a thing like that taking place.But, as of this moment, more than 13 people are being prosecuted. And I hear the number is going to be going up. But it's a good question. Yes, please.Oh, sure.Oh, it might happen tomorrow. I mean, to be honest. We won’t call it a summit. We'll call it a handshake, if it does happen. I don’t know that it will, but it could happen. I know I think he'd like to do it, and I wouldn’t mind doing it at all. I'm going to be -- I'm literally visiting the DMZ. And so -- but I will -- as per your question about President Xi, he's a brilliant leader, he's a brilliant man.And you know better than I, he's probably considered to be one of the great leaders in 200 years, in China. And we just have a very -- he's strong; he's tough. But he's good. We have a very good relationship. And I said, you know, "We can't have it where the United States loses this kind of money for the privilege of building up China.It has to be a fair deal." And he understands that. But, as he said, "Nobody ever came to us." It's true. No other President came to him. This would've -- my presidency could be a lot easier, not only for that, but for many other reasons. It'd be a lot easier. But I don’t want it to be easy. It's a point in time.I have a chance to do things that nobody else has ever done. So we're making a deal with China, or we're attempting. And if we don't, we'll go back into -- you know, we have a tremendous ripe field of tremendous money that would be coming into our country. But I have a feeling that over a period of time -- and, again, I’m not rushed, and I told him that I want to get the deal right.It's extremely -- I wouldn’t even say complicated, but very intricate. But, in the meantime, I think our farmers are going to end up being the great beneficiary. And what I did with the farmers -- because they did lose a certain amount of money -- I went to Sonny Perdue, who is our Secretary of Agriculture.I said, "Sonny, how much money -- in the best year -- did China spend on our farms, in our farms, buying?" He said, "The best year, about $16 billion." I said, "Okay, well, we're taking in much more than that now every year in tariffs." And I took $16 billion out of those tariffs, and -- essentially out of those tariffs -- and we're distributing it among farmers who have been hurt because they have been used as a pawn so that China could get a good deal.But, in the end, the farmers are going to be the biggest beneficiary. But I've made up for the fact that China was, you know, targeting our farmers. Because they know the farmers like me, and I like them. I love them. And they sort of love me, I guess, when you get right down to it. And it was $16 billion -- billion.That's a lot of money. But I took it out the tariff money essentially, and we are in the process of distributing it. The farmers could not be happier, other than -- they're unusual. I had them around a table, many of the farmers, and -- about five weeks ago -- and they said, "We don’t want money. We want just a level playing field." I said, "You're right." Most groups want money.They'll take -- any way you want to give it to them they'll take. The farmers are in a class by themselves in so many ways. They don’t want subsidies. They don’t want a handout. All they want to do is have a level playing field. They're unbelievable people, and as I said, they're unbelievable patriots.Jon.No. Of course, I thought of that because I know if he didn’t, everybody is going to say, "Oh, he was stood up by Chairman Kim." No, I understood that. It's very hard to -- he follows my Twitter.And it's very hard --I guess so, because we got a call very quickly. [Laughter] A lot of people follow it. But, you know, they've contacted us and they'd like to see if they can do something. And we're not talking about for, you know, extended. Just a quick hello. And we get along. I get along with him and I get along with other people.Like, you know, for instance, on Jim's question, it's a fair question, but I really have great relationships with everybody. I think -- you know, I said a long time ago that maybe I'll be a sleeper on foreign policy. And if you look at what’s happened on foreign policy -- now, we are working on Iran and we'll see what happens.I think they'd like to make a deal. I think they'd be very smart to want to make a deal, but we're going to see what happens. I'm okay. I have all the time in the world. They're doing very poorly. They were doing -- they were very brutal when I first came in. Eighteen sites of confliction, meaning, where they were behind.But I think on foreign policy, if you look at what's happening -- and the other thing that’s happening is we're not being taken for suckers anymore. I mean, we have countries where we'd lose on defending them, because we defend a tremendous percentage of the world. And they don’t pay us for it. And then, on top of it, we lose money with that same country on trade.And it's all changing. And they understand it's changing. And they expect it to change. They can't believe. Honestly, like I'd ask Prime Minister Abe -- I said, "How did this happen, where you send us billions and billions of dollars' worth of cars and other things, and we send you practically nothing?" He said, "Nobody ever complained." Same thing with China.I said, "You know, you send a car to us. We charge you essentially nothing. It's 2.5 percent, but basically you don’t have to -- there are ways around that. So you send a car to us, and you pay nothing. We send a car to you, made in the United States, and we have to pay 45 percent tariff. How did that happen?He said, "We just kept lifting it, lifting it, lifting it." I mean, they're being honest with me. "We just kept lifting it, and nobody called." But I call. I call. Go ahead, Jon.Yeah.I did.Well, first of all, before I get into that, I thought that she was given too much credit. He didn’t do well, certainly, and maybe the facts weren’t necessarily on his side. I think she was given too much credit for what she did. It wasn’t that outstanding. And I think probably he was hit harder than he should've been hit -- Biden.I thought he was hit actually harder. And as far as that, I will tell you in about four weeks, because we're coming out with certain policy that's going to be very interesting and very surprising, I think, to a lot of people. Jennifer, do you have a question?You never know who's going to be tough. You never know. One that you think is going to be tough turns out to be not much. And sometimes you think one -- and I've seen it. Because, look, I had 17 -- we had, actually, a total of 18. A lot of people think 17. Governor of Virginia -- remember? Add the Governor of Virginia.Wasn’t there long -- previous governor. But of the 18, you know, many were -- all their lives, they wanted to be politicians. I never thought about being a politician until about two days before I decided to run. A little before that, but not too much before. And they -- you know, you looked at some of them, they're very talented.You look at their résumés, it's like great. And, sometimes, the ones that I thought would be the toughest were not the toughest at all. I mean, I could write a book. I should write a book. But some of the people that I did in the Republican -- because we had sort of a similar thing. We had 18 instead of -- I guess they have 24 or 25. But some of the ones that I thought would be absolutely -- absolutely, without question, the toughest, turned out -- I didn’t they were tough at all.Others that a lot of people said weren’t tough, they were tough. I think she was given far too much credit for what she did. That was so out of the can what she said. That thing was right out of a box. And I thought that he didn’t respond great. I wouldn’t say it was -- this was not Winston Churchill we're dealing with, okay?But it wasn’t -- it wasn’t, I don’t think, nearly as bad as they portended it to be. Jennifer, go ahead.Thank you.Sure.U.S. companies can sell their equipment to Huawei. I'm talking about equipment where there is no great national emergency problem with it. But the U.S. companies can sell their equipment. So we have a lot of the great companies in, Silicon Valley and based in different parts of the country, that make extremely complex equipment.We're letting them sell to Huawei.Okay, so Turkey is an interesting case -- because there's another one, Jim, that I get along with very well, and he's a tough cookie, okay? Right? President Erdogan. He's tough, but I get along with him. And maybe that's a bad thing, but I think it's a really good thing. Because, frankly, he wanted to wipe out -- he has a big problem with the Kurds, as everyone knows.And he had a 65,000-man army at the border, and he was going to wipe out the Kurds, who helped us with ISIS. We took out the caliphate. We have 100 percent of the caliphate. And I called him and I asked him not to do it. They are, I guess, natural enemies of his or Turkey's. And he hasn’t done it. They were lined up to go out and wipe out the people that we just defeated the ISIS caliphate with, and I said, "You can't do that." You can't do it. And he didn’t do it. So I have a relationship.But let me tell you -- so he goes out during the Obama administration; he wants to buy our Patriot missile. Right? They wouldn’t sell it to him. He wants to buy -- even though he's a member of NATO, and, in theory, he could be an ally if he respected the President, and he's got a big army, and he's -- you know, they're fighters.Turkey is -- big fighters. And we're working on Idlib Province together because he doesn’t want to see 3 million people killed, and neither do I -- in Syria. But -- and I mentioned that. That was another thing I mentioned, folks, to President Putin. I said, "Please, take it easy with Idlib." Because, you know, they've been encircling that.I think if I didn’t put out a statement six months ago, that would've been catastrophic. But they have 30,000 terrorists in Idlib Province. You have 3 million people. And, you know, getting terrorists is okay, but you don’t want to kill 3 million people or a million people to get the terrorists. So, anyway -- so we get along great.But what happened with Turkey -- and I will tell you when it's fair and when it's not fair. He wanted to buy the Patriot missile. President Obama's group said no. He kept wanting to buy it. They kept saying no, no, no. Couldn’t buy it. Now, he needed it for defense. He needed it. So he then went to Russia and he bought the S-400. Made a deal to buy it because he couldn’t get it. They wouldn’t allow him to buy it. They wouldn’t allow it. This administration, meaning this administration previous to mine, would not let him buy it. So he goes out, he goes to Russia, and he makes a deal for the S-400. And let's assume it's not nearly as good, but he made a deal.He paid them money -- a lot of money. Put up a lot of money. And he bought it. As soon as he bought it, people went back to him, from our country, and they said, "Listen, we don’t want you to use that system," because it's not the NATO system, et cetera, et cetera -- you know all the reasons. "We don't want you to use that system.Do us a favor -- we'll sell you the Patriot." He said, "It's too late. I already bought it." There was nothing he could do; he already bought it. In the meantime, he bought over a hundred F-35s, the greatest fighter jet in the world. It's stealth. You can't see it. It's real hard to beat something when you can't see it. But he bought over a hundred.I think he bought 116. But he bought over a hundred. A lot. And there's options for more. And now he wants delivery. He's paid a tremendous amount of money, up front to Lockheed -- our company, our jobs, everything. And now they're saying he's using the S-400 system, which is incompatible with our system, and if you use the S-400 system, Russia and other people can gain access into the genius of the F-35. But, honestly, I'm all for our country, but he got treated very unfairly.He was told you can't buy it, you can't buy it. You know, it's the old secret when you can't have something, all of a sudden, he ends up going and getting something else, and then they were -- they said -- first they said, "We'll sell it to you. You can have it in four years." Then they said, "We'll get it to you immediately." But he said, "I can't do it. I bought.I've spent a fortune on buying another system" -- similar system -- from Russia. The problem is he already bought the planes. And the planes aren’t compatible from our standpoint. Not from the standpoint of compatibility, but from our standpoint, national security wise. So it's a mess. It's a mess. And honestly, it's not really Erdoğan's fault.So now we have breaking news. "Donald Trump loves Turkey. He loves Turkey. Donald Trump is on the side of Turkey instead of the United…" No, I'm not.I love our country, but I have to tell you, President Erdoğan, who has done -- he gave me our pastor back. Pastor Brunson. Nobody else could get him back. Remember? They couldn’t get him back. President Obama, he was in jail for 35 years. He was going to be in jail forever. Pastor Brunson, he was an innocent man.I called him. And after a very short period of time, Pastor Brunson was standing in the Oval Office, with me. And he was back. So, you know, he's been -- from my standpoint -- and he's a tough guy. Okay? When you talk about tough. He's tough. But I get along with him. I think he was unfairly treated, where you were told you can't have it, and then after he bought another system, we said, "We'll sell it to you.We'll give it to you right away." But he couldn’t use it then. But by that time, he had already bought the plane. So, it's a complicated deal. We're working on it. We'll see what we can do.Yes, go. Please.No, we agreed -- on China, this is actually a good question. I did agree to allow our companies -- you know, jobs -- I like our companies selling things to other people. So I allowed that to happen. Very complex things. Not easy. This is not things that are easy to make. Very few companies are able to do it. But a tremendous amount of money.Our companies were very upset. You know, these companies are great companies. You know all of them. But they weren’t exactly happy with it. But we're allowing that because that was a national security -- we're allowing them to sell. But we agreed to leave that until the end. Huawei is a complicated situation.We agreed to leave that -- we're leaving Huawei toward the end. We're going to see. We'll see where we go with the trade agreement. Yes, please.Well, it has been something that they’ve done for a long period of time. I mean, you know, there aren’t that many ways you're going to get people to schools. So this is something that's been done. In some cases, it's been done with a hammer instead of velvet glove. And, you know, that’s part of it. But this has been certainly a thing that's been used over the -- I think if Vice President Biden had answered the question somewhat differently, it would've been a lot -- it would've been a different result.Because they really did hit him hard on that one. So -- but it is certainly a primary method of getting people to schools.It relates to everything we're doing. And you'll be hearing about it in -- over the next couple of months.Yeah.No, because we could do it in -- we could do it -- you know, I say to people -- I used to say 45 minutes; I say 15. But we could do it quickly. We could do it in a day. We could do it in an hour. We could reform asylum very quickly. We could get rid of the loopholes very quickly. These are horrible loopholes.And the reason that Mexico is so good -- because they do have very, very tough immigration. They don’t have the kind of things and the kind of stupidity that we have. I mean, where somebody touches one foot on our sand and we now have to bring them into a court. We then have to register them. We then have to catch and release them.And they go and they live in our country. Then they're supposed to come back in three years for a court case, and about 2 percent come back, as you know. I mean, you know it just as well as anybody, I really think. Maybe better than most. But the fact is they come back -- but nobody comes back. Two percent come back.It's a horrible system. Now, what we're doing is they come in illegally and we're bringing them out legally. But at the request of some, you know, very good Democrats, they asked me if I could hold it. And I did for a couple of weeks. And we have a week left. But other than the fact that we did get, in a very bipartisan way, we got -- and I appreciate Speaker Pelosi because she really worked with us. It was humanitarian money.I mean, they didn’t have any money. And we're running -- don’t forget, nobody has ever had this problem before. We're running hospitals; we're running so many different things for the kids. And the kids are brought up because, under the laws, the kids are used -- legally used to get other people to come in. If you have a child, it's much easier to come into our country.It's easy anyway. But if you have a child, it's much easier. So we have these kids who have been absolutely abused. Horribly abused. And we could stop that with a minor change in the law. It's a terrible thing that they're not doing it. So here's what's happening. So I said, "All right, let's see if you can give that to us." Now, in the meantime, we did -- we just got it approved last night, so we have the $4.5 billion in humanitarian aid.Right? And that’s good. So we have that. But we can have that number go way down if we stop people from coming up. For instance, if we had walls up and if we had it hard, the father and the beautiful daughter who drowned -- and, you know, the Rio Grande is a very tough -- you know, that has moments where it can be very calm and then all of a sudden it becomes totally violent and people get swept away.But if they thought it was hard to get in, they wouldn’t be coming up. They wouldn’t be coming up. And so many lives would be saved. So, essentially, if they would change the laws -- and I said, "It would take us an hour, but let's give you two weeks." At the end of the second week, we'll be removing people -- legally removing.In other words --Oh, yeah. Unless we do something pretty miraculous. But the Democrats, it seems to me, they want to have open borders. And for the life of me, I cannot figure that out. It's one thing, because I want people to come into our country. We need them because we have all these companies coming in. You know, we have Foxconn in Wisconsin.We have so many companies coming in. Auto companies. Just today, I was with President Abe; he told me another auto company is going to build a big plant. They need people. So, I'm all for that. The only problem is that they have to come in through a process. They have to come in legally. It's also very unfair.You have millions of people on line for years trying to get into a country. They take tests. They study. They know a lot about our country. They read. They do -- they have to go through a very complicated process. And these people have worked hard. They've been on line for seven, eight, nine years, and then somebody walks in and they're, you know, "Welcome to the United States." It's really -- honestly, it's very unfair.But, yeah, we will be removing large numbers of people. People have to understand: Yes, the laws are --Yeah. Starting in a week, after -- you know, sometime after July 4th.Well, that’s different. That’s humanitarian -- no, that’s a different -- that's humanitarian. We needed that just to take care -- because we're running now hospitals. I mean, the Border Patrol -- these are incredible people -- they're doing what they -- you know, nobody ever thought they were going to be doing this.And people are coming up -- the reason people are coming up is because we're doing so well as a country. In past years, we weren't doing well. In past years, Mexico was doing better. You know, they took 32 percent of our car business. They were doing better than we were doing in the past. Now we're the hot country in the world and people are coming up because they want a piece of that action.And the other reason children are coming up is because we had a separation policy. Okay? Under President Obama, we had separation. President Obama built those cells. They were in 2014. They were built. They all said, "Oh, look how horrible." Then it turned out that it was built by President Obama. And I'm not blaming anybody.I'm not blaming him. I just say this: They had a separation policy. Right? I ended it. But when I ended it, I put out a statement: I think it's going to bring more children up because you're ending it. You're saying now the child can stay with the parent. So, I said, ending it is nice in one way but in terms of what we're doing, it makes it even tougher.But the really bad thing is the cartels -- and I really think that Mexico -- because, you know, they did 6,000; now they're doing 16,000 on our border -- I think that Mexico is looking to swamp the cartels. And those kind of numbers will do it. It would be a great thing. What Mexico is doing for us is great.By the way, without the tariffs, they wouldn't have done it for us. We've been after -- we've been after them for many years to do it. But they have really, so far -- it's only a week -- the numbers are way down. And, so far, a lot of good things have happened. Yes, sir. Please. Yes, please. In the second row.Would you like me to leave now or? Here's the thing: I can stay -- we can do this for a long time. My only problem is this: I don't need stories, "He stayed up there too long." If I stay up there quickly, they say, "Why did he not give us more time?" If I stay up for two hours, they'll say, "He stayed up too long." I mean, if you promise you're not going to say -- I say because everybody has got a hand up, and if you want, I'll go on. Should I go on or should I not go on? What you do you think?Okay, and you're not going to say, "He went on too long?"Because we have time. You know, I have a flight that actually leaves pretty much when I want it to. [Laughter] Okay, let's go.Disproportionately, absolutely.No, no, no ---- Oh, I had many alt- -- oh, yeah I have -- I'll bet I have 50 alternatives. I have many alternatives. Yeah. I mean, you know what -- you don't know what the sites were. You said "oil rig." You don't know what the sites were. But I had many alternatives. No, no, military leaders did a great job. When we chose and designated certain areas that we were thinking about, I said, "How many people are going to die?" I mean, I'm talking about on the other side.That means a lot to me too, okay? "How many people are going to die?" They said, "Probably about 150." You don't know, could be much worse than that. Could be less too, I guess, but it could be much more than that, because this is heavy stuff going in. And we would have been 100 percent -- we have the greatest military in the world.I deal with them all the time. These people are incredible people. Lethal. And hopefully we don't have to use it much. I mean, we've spent -- if you look at the numbers -- $716 billion this year. We had planes that were so old that we didn't -- now we have brand new F-35s. We have brand new Super Hornets and F-18s. And -- I mean, the equipment we have is incredible.The Army now has beautiful new things. Everything is -- we have a military that's really great. Hopefully, we don't have to use it very much. But, no, they came in, and they said this, and I asked them a question. And they came back a short time later and they said, "About 150 people." I said, "That's really disproportionate.I don't like it."Well, I have had a lot of countries come up to me. France has come up. If you look at President Macron -- good guy -- he came up to me. He said, "You know, I do a lot of business" -- meaning, France does a lot of business with Iran. I would love to go see them. It's all right. Anybody can see them. I don't mind talking.I think talking is great. I'm not going to say, "Oh, don't talk to them. Don't talk to them." I do think John Kerry should not have been talking to them. I think that's delaying this process a lot. I think he violated the Logan Act, actually. But I think John Kerry, speaking to Iran a lot, maybe saying things like, "Gee, you know, if you wait another 15 months, maybe Trump will lose the election and then you can deal with a person that's a lot easier than Trump.You'll deal with a stiff that will give you everything you want." And that makes it a little tougher for me to make a deal, but that's okay. Yeah, please. Go.Yeah, I think it's very unfortunate.Well, we're looking at that legally, because they're asking us to do a census. And, you know, the census -- it was shocking to me. I figured it would be, you know, not expensive to do a census. It's billions of dollars. You know that, right? Billions. Billions. They go knock on doors of every house in the country and they get everything.They're not allowed to ask whether or not somebody is a citizen of the United States? How horrible and ridiculous is that? So we are looking at that. Yeah. Sure.Because it wasn't a real decision that, "Boom, this is the way it is." It was like, "Now." Right? "Now." It depends on -- it depends on what happens, I guess. It was a very strange decision. It was a very, very sad decision. Not in terms of voting. Not in terms of -- just a very sad because it was so convoluted.It was -- to get to that decision, had to be very, very hard.Hey, who's really playing politics, okay? Check it out. You tell me who's playing politics. Yeah, go ahead. Please.You're?No. I just --We talked about it. Hey, we talked about it. You know we've talked about it before. You know he denies it totally, by the way. Just to -- I mean, how many times can you get somebody to deny something? But he has, in the past, denied it. He's denied it also publicly. But we talked about it. We talked about a lot of other things.I tell you, we talked about something that I think is very important, and that's putting a cap on what he's buying and we're buying, from a nuclear standpoint -- and other -- arms control. We talked a lot about arms control. And I think he'd like to see arms control and so would we. I think it makes a lot of sense.Yeah, go ahead.Oh, the Mueller Report was a very ---- good report. I mean, it was a good report. I had 18 people that hated me. I had Mueller who was totally conflicted and, obviously, didn't like me. We had -- he was totally conflicted. And yet, no obstruction, no collusion. And, you know, that was good report. Yes, please.And, you know, the Democrats want a do-over or five. They want to get it right. They're working to get it right. They want a do-over or five. Yes, please.Well, they are a very important part of it but they don't really have to be. We're just getting started. We have -- and, as you know, we have a very good -- David Friedman, a great gentleman. One of the most successful lawyers in New York, who loves Israel -- David Friedman. Jason Greenblatt, who worked for me and my company -- great, great lawyer.Great talent. Jared Kushner. And with me being President, if you don't get that deal done it, will never happen. We'll have to see what happens. But I think the Palestinians basically -- I'm not sure -- I know they want to make a deal but they want to be a little bit cute and that's okay. I fully understand where they're coming from.As you know, I've ended the money to -- that was -- we were paying them $550 million a year, and I ended that money because a year ago I heard they were saying nasty things. I said, "Wait a minute. We're trying to make a deal. We're trying to help them and they're saying these nasty things? We're not going to pay." Now, if a deal is made, we would go back on a humanitarian basis.Not so different from the border. Because you see the problems and what's going on. It's terrible. But I think we have a very good chance of making a deal, and a lot of people think that's probably the toughest deal of all. And it may very well be the toughest deal of all. A lot of people think it can't be made.I mean, over the years, a lot of people would say, "That's a deal that can't be made no matter what." But, you know, hey, I like to -- we're going to try. But I really believe that -- I went to other negotiators from past years. For many, many years they've been trying to make this deal. And I said, "Did you ever take the money away?" Because they were always very hostile.And they said, "No, we wouldn't do that. That's inappropriate." "Why is it inappropriate? I mean, they're saying bad things. Why is it inappropriate?" And what I've done is said, "Look, as long -- if you're not negotiating and if you don't want to make peace, we're not going to pay you." So let's see what happens.I think they want to make a deal, and I've had a very good relationship with some of their leaders. And obviously I've had a good relationship with Israel. Now, the transaction was thrown up in the air a little bit because of what happened with Bibi Netanyahu's election. They thought he won and then, all of a sudden, they couldn't put together the coalition.And now they're back to campaigning again. So that was something that came up that -- who would have expected that. Maybe something will happen faster, but you know, that's going to be going on for about three months. There's a good chance we could -- there's a chance. I don't want to even say "good chance" on that one because people say it's the hardest deal.I've heard -- when I was young, I'd say, "What do you think of this?" They'd say, "Oh, that's tougher than Israel and the Palestinians making a deal." They used to use that as like the metaphor. They used to use that as the excuse for a deal that was very tough to make. So it's probably about the toughest deal to make.I actually think that there's a good chance. Yes, sir. Please, go ahead. Yeah. White shirt. No, the gentleman behind you. Yeah. Okay, go ahead. We'll get to you.Go ahead. That's the man I'm looking at.Sure.No, not at all. No, no. We're going to be talking about Huawei, but we are going to be supplying equipment from our companies. Our companies make billions and billions of dollars' worth of equipment. But we are not discussing Huawei with President Xi yet. I want to see -- before we start getting into that, I want to see where we end up. We have to -- we have a national security problem, which to me is paramount.Very important.We're talking about that. We have a meeting on that tomorrow or Tuesday.Well, that's not --It goes without -- I think that goes without saying. I mean, look what I've done. Look what -- who's done what I've done? I took ZTE off, if you remember. I was the one; I did that. That was a personal deal. And then President Xi called me. And he asked me for a personal favor, which I considered to be very important.He's a leader of a major country. And it was very important to him, having to do with where the employees are located and his relationship to that area. And it was 85,000 employees. And they were almost out of business. And he agreed to pay $1.2 billion penalty and some other things, including a board change and including some management changes, et cetera.ZTE, which is a -- you know, much smaller than Huawei, but it's very big. And they paid us a billion-two. $1.2 billion. I mean, part of the problem is then the Democrats go out and say -- if I got $200 trillion, they'd say, "This was terrible. What a terrible deal." Because that's the way politics is. It's, sort of, sad.But, you know, we got $1.2 billion. And we closed it; we opened it. And we had certain changes made, as you know. They made changes to the board. They changed the board. They made management changes. And they paid a lot of money. And they also have to buy American product. Buying American product is very important to me. It's a big -- it's a big thing.Yeah. Go ahead, blue. Blue shirt.Are we going to continue onward?Yes?Does anybody say "no"? Huh?We just left Angela.She's another friend of mine. People don't think so.We have a great relationship. I hope you know that.We spent a lot of time together, too.I don't ignore it. So we have the best numbers that we've ever had recently. And I'm not looking to put our companies out of business. I'm not looking to create a standard that is so high that we're going to lose 20, 25 percent of our production. I'm not willing to do that. We have the cleanest water we've ever had.We have the cleanest air. You saw the reports come out recently. We have the cleanest air we've ever had. But I'm not willing to sacrifice the tremendous power of what we've built up over a long period of time, and what I've enhanced and revived. I'm not -- I'm just not willing to do that. And they understand where I stand.And, you know, I'm not necessarily sure I agree. I can tell you, I'm not sure that I agree with certain countries, what they're doing. Because I think they're losing a lot of the power of what they can do with factories and with -- and I'm not talking about political power, although that comes with it -- I'm talking about the powering of a plant.It doesn't always work with a windmill. When the wind goes off, the plant isn't working. It doesn't always work with solar, because solar is just not strong enough. And a lot of them want to go to wind, which has caused a lot of problems. And, you know, the problem with wind is, in the United States, we're subsidizing these wind towers all over the place because wind doesn't work -- for the most part, doesn’t work without subsidy.And I don't want to be subsidizing things that don't have to be subsidized. The United States is paying tremendous amounts of money on subsidies for wind. I don't like it. I don't like it. I don't want to do that. We'll take a few more. Go ahead. Go ahead.One.Pick the better one, please.You'll see.That's all I can do. That's all I can do. No. But that's all I can do.I can only say, "You'll see." We cannot let Iran have a nuclear weapon. Just can't do it. Please.Yeah.Well, first of all, we're following Venezuela very closely. It's a catastrophe. It's what socialism can do. I use it all the time. I mean, it's what socialism can do. It was one of the richest countries 20 years ago. It's got among the largest oil reserves in the world. And they don't have food. They don't have water.It's really, actually, incredible. I discuss it with -- I've discussed it with almost every leader this weekend. We discuss Venezuela because we don't ever want that to happen to us or their countries. Okay, go ahead.Oh, sure, it takes time.The problem is so many people leaving Venezuela; it's like going to be a ghost town. It's a very bad thing that's happening in Venezuela. Nobody has seen anything quite like it, actually -- especially from the standpoint that they were so wealthy. They've gone -- I know so many people from Venezuela living in Miami.They're incredible people. They're incredible, incredible -- a lot of them live in Doral, Miami. It's -- they call it "Little Venezuela." I know them so well. These are people that are hard workers, warm. They're just incredible. And to see what's happening to Venezuela is heartbreaking. It's really heartbreaking.Sure. You have a lot of strategies. I have five different strategies. I could change any moment. But, in the meantime, we're helping them from the standpoint of aid. We're getting as much aid as we can. I think they're making a big mistake because they're not making the aid very easy, as you know. You know, they're not making it easy to get to people.But people are starving to death, and their water -- they have no water. They have no water. They have oil but they don't have any water. No, we have a lot of things in store if we have to do that. We don't want to do anything but -- you know, we don't want to get involved to the extent that you may be thinking.But we have a lot of alternatives. We have five different alternatives for Venezuela. And we'll see what happens. It's doing very poorly. And Maduro is doing very poorly, obviously. It's not -- it's just not working. Just not working. Yes, ma'am. Go ahead.So from where are you?Question. Question. Question.I asked, yes.I asked him what was happening, and he was telling me that -- I think he said 13, but could be more -- and I think he said more are in the works -- that there are large numbers of people being prosecuted. He's very angry about it. He's very unhappy about it. And I did mention it to him very strongly, and he answered very strongly.But they're prosecuting large numbers of people. That was a bad event. Okay.Yeah, go ahead, please.I cannot comment on intelligence community. I just -- I'm not -- probably, I guess I'm allowed to do what I want to do in terms of that, right? We can declassify, unlike Hillary Clinton. She decided to just give it out. We can declassify. The truth is that I just don't want to talk about intelligence. But I will say this: A lot of people are being prosecuted and they're taking it very seriously over there.And they've done a great job in Saudi Arabia from the standpoint of women and from -- a lot of different things are happening in Saudi Arabia. One of the other things -- very important with Saudi Arabia: that not only are they an ally, not only have they spent tremendous amounts of money coming into our country -- and they have been a good ally, and they have actually bought tremendous amounts of military equipment that we use and that we're able to use -- but they're also very much now changed their ways as to financing terror, which I can't say for a lot of other countries.If you look at Iran, if you look at other countries in that area, they're financing terror. Now, it's harder for Iran because Iran doesn’t have the money they used to have. And they were given $150 billion. They were given $1.8 billion in cash. But Saudi Arabia has come a long way. I’ll tell you, in terms of reform, Saudi Arabia really has come a long way.Yeah, please -- in the gold. Yeah, you. Right.Is it going to what?I don’t want to talk about it now. I mean, we’re looking at that very carefully. Huawei is very much in play, in terms of our country and in terms of intelligence and the intelligence community. We know a lot about Huawei. But I don’t want to mention that right now. I just think it’s inappropriate.I will say that we’re not making it -- other than what I told you already, we’re not making it a big subject. We’re going to save that for later.No. I think we’re going to be strategic partners. I think we can help each other. I think, in the end, we can -- if the right deal is structured, we can be great for each other. If China would open up -- you’re opening up a tremendous -- you know, the largest market in the world. And, right now, China is not open to the United States, but we’re open to China.That should have never really been allowed to happen. Okay. Yes, please.Yes.Well, I haven’t heard him say that. But he did invite me to Russia for the defeat of Nazis -- that's a big thing -- defeat of Nazis. You know, Russia lost, he said, 25 million people. I had actually heard 50 million people. But he said yesterday that Russia, fighting the Nazis, they lost 25 million people.You would know better than anybody, Peter. But it was a tremendous -- you know, they suffered greatly. And they’re having a 75th, you could really say, celebration of the defeat of the Nazis. And he invited me, and I said I would give it very serious consideration. That was a -- Russia went through a lot.They lost, I guess, far more than anybody, fighting the Nazis, in terms of people. And he did invite me, and I said we would get back. But we will give that very serious consideration. Okay? Thank you, Peter.Well, again, he may feel that way. I mean, he sees what’s going on. And I guess, if you look at what’s happening in Los Angeles, where it’s so sad to look; and what’s happening in San Francisco and a couple of other cities which are run by an extraordinary group of liberal people -- I don’t know what they’re thinking.But he does see things that are happening in the United States that would -- would probably preclude him from saying how wonderful it is. At the same time, he congratulated me, as every other -- every other leader of every country did for what we’ve done economically, because we probably have the strongest economy we’ve ever had.And that’s a real positive. But I’m very embarrassed by what I see in some of our cities, where the politicians are either afraid to do something about it, or they think it’s votes, or -- I don’t know what. Peter, I don’t know what they’re thinking. But when you look at Los Angeles, when you look at San Francisco, when you look at some of the other cities -- and not a lot, not a lot, but you don’t want it to spread.And, at a certain point, I think the federal government, maybe, has to get involved. We can’t let that continue to happen to our cities. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much. I’ll see some of you in South Korea -- maybe at the DMZ. But this has been an honor. Thank you all very much. Thank you. [Applause]Thank you very much. I just spoke with Nancy Pelosi and we had a good conversation having to do with the bill -- humanitarian aid at the border for the children, mostly. And we are moving along very well with a bipartisan bill in the Senate. I spoke with Mitch, spoke to a lot of people. We're doing very well.It's very far along, and I believe the House is going to also be getting together with the Senate. Hopefully they can get something done. It's humanitarian aid; it's very important. And I think that a lot of people are starting to realize that I was right when I said we have a crisis at the border. Everyone is saying, now, had a crisis at the border.It wasn't a manufactured crisis -- which they were saying. It wasn't manufactured at all. We have a crisis at the border. We can solve the problem if they would change some of the rules and regulations, change asylum, change so many different things. The loopholes, in particular, could be done very quickly, and you wouldn't have this problem.I've been saying it for a year and a half. I've been saying, "You have to change the loopholes. You have to change asylum." You wouldn't have this problem. They're not working on that unfortunately, today. What they're working on is aid; it's humanitarian aid for the children. It seems that the Senate is very close.I think that Nancy wants to get something done. And the Senate and the House will get together. I think they'll be able to do something very good. I'm heading, as you know -- and some of you are coming with me -- I'm heading to Japan -- Osaka. And we're going to be meeting with a lot of different countries, many of whom have been taking advantage of the United States, but not so much anymore.And soon, not at all, anymore. So we appreciate. Any questions?No, look, the Mueller thing never stops. There was no collusion. There was no obstruction. There was no nothing. How many times do we have to hear it? It never ends. It just keeps going on and on. I've been going through this for two years -- two and a half years. And the criminal activity was on the other side with the fake dossier -- the phony, fraudulent dossier -- and all of the other things they've done -- the FISA courts, all of that.With the insurance policy by Strzok and his lover, Page. This is a disgraceful thing. And now we keep -- I heard about it last night, and I just said, "Does it ever end? At what point does it end?" It's a disgrace. No obstruction. No collusion. Now, the Democrats want a do-over. So they had a do-over in the House.That didn't work. They had a do-over in the Senate. That didn't work. There are no do-overs. We spent a long time working with Mueller. I gave him all the witnesses he wanted. I gave him lawyers. I gave him people. I guess he interviewed 500 people. Two thousand five hundred subpoenas. They had everything they could possibly have.Nobody has ever had more. Nobody has ever been more transparent. And now it continues further? This is just a hoax. I call it the "witch hunt" but it's really a hoax. It's the greatest hoax ever in the history of our country. And it's the worst political scandal on the other side. So we'll see. Because a lot of things right now are coming out that are very, very bad, what they did.But this just continues on. Two and a half years it continues. Yeah.I cannot -- you got to talk --Well, that's like I've been saying. If they fixed the laws, you wouldn't have that. People are coming up; they're running through the Rio Grande. It's a rough -- it can be a very rough river of sorts. I mean, there are times when going across the Rio Grande is very, very dangerous, depending on the time of year and the conditions and the rapidity of the water.And we know that. And we have many, many guards there, but people go through the guards. If we had the right laws that the Democrats are not letting us have, those people, they wouldn't be coming up. They wouldn't be trying. We're building the wall. It's under construction. It's -- a lot of it is under construction.We'll have over 400 miles next year, by the end of the year. But it's very important. They can change it very easily so people don't come up. And people won't get killed. Women are being raped on the journey up. You have these caravans. Women are being raped. And one of the terrible things: Children are actually being brought into slavedom.If you look at what's happening -- the cartels and the coyotes, they're getting rich because the Democrats refuse to change the loopholes. They refuse to change the asylum. In one hour, we could have it done. They want to have open borders, and open borders mean crime. And open borders mean people drowning in the rivers.And it's a very dangerous thing.I hate it.And I know it could stop immediately if the Democrats change the law. They have to change the laws. And then, that father, who probably was this wonderful guy, with his daughter -- things like that wouldn't happen.Because that journey across that river -- that journey across that river is a very dangerous journey. That's a very, very dangerous journey. And we don't think. And, by the way, just so you understand, many other things happened. Look, you've seen it: Women being raped.Women being raped in numbers that nobody believes, in the caravans coming up. Now, I want to thank Mexico. They put 6,000 people at the border.The asylum policy of the Democrats is responsible ---- because they will not -- they will not change the asylum policy. But, now, for the first time, they're starting to talk about it.I don't know anything about it. I just heard. And my only response to Mueller is: Does it ever stop? After all of these years and times and people, does it ever stop? And the Democrats use it to try and divert from what they have. Because what they've done -- if you look and you see; and it's just my opinion -- tremendous criminal activity on their side.And they know it. And this is a diversion. But I ask you this: Does it ever stop? Okay.I'll have a very good conversation with him. What I say to him is none of your business. Go ahead.There's a possibility. I'm meeting with Russia. I'm meeting with China. I'm meeting with many countries. We're meeting with many countries. We have many things -- we've been ripped off by everybody over the years. They're not ripping us off anymore. A big difference right now. We're meeting with China. Just so you know, China has been paying us billions and billions of dollars.Until I got here, they never paid this country 10 cents. So, we'll see what happens with China, with Russia, with Japan -- with many countries.Say it?The ball is in no court. You know what? Iran can do whatever they want. It's just fine. I have plenty of time. But they have a country that's in economic distress. It's an economic disaster right now. They could solve it quickly, or they could solve it in 10 years from now. Whatever they want is fine with me. Whatever they want.I have all the time in the world. I'm sitting here -- I have all the time in the world. In the meantime, they have very strong sanctions. They have to live with those sanctions. But Iran should do the right thing for their people. The problem is I don't believe their leader -- I'm not sure that their leaders care for their people.If they do, they'll make a deal. If they don't, they're just thinking about themselves. And they're selfish, and they're stupid, if that's what they're doing.I'll meeting with a lot of other people, not by him. But I may be speaking to him in a different form. I'll be going, as you know, to South Korea after we're finished with the G20. And we'll be there for about a day. We have a lot of meetings planned with a lot of different countries. We are a country that's respected again.Not like the old days. We're respected again. These countries respect us. They didn't respect us three, four, five years ago. They respect us again. Thank you very much.So we're going to Camp David. We're going to have meetings and a lot of work. Coming back sometime tomorrow, but we're heading out right now to Camp David. I want to say the stock market is on pace to have its best year, I mean, since, I guess, over 50 years. And the Dow is on pace to have its best year in 80 years.It's been 80 years since the Dow has hit -- Tariffs are obviously doing very well because we're taking in billions and billions of dollars from China. We would be from others, and we might be from others, but billions of dollars are coming in from China. And, frankly, look at what's happening with the stock market, which is pretty much what I've been saying.Also, an article came out this morning that the tariffs are having very little effect on costs going up -- and, in some cases, no effect. That the countries that the product come from, they are bearing the costs, which is also what I've said. So the Dow is up. It looks like it could be an 80-year high.It's on track for an 80-year high. And the stock market itself is a 50-year high. So I'm sure you're all very happy about that, right?I don't know unintentional or not. It was probably intentional, as I said. But regardless, they targeted something without a person in it -- without a man or a woman, and certainly without anybody from the United States in it. So we want to be proportionate. We're getting a lot of praise for what I did.And we have people on both sides; some like it and some probably not as much. My expression is "We have plenty of time." We have plenty of time. You understand that.Yeah, these are people that came into the country illegally. They've been served. They've gone through a process -- the process of the courts. And they have to be removed from the country. They will be removed from the country. It's having a very big effect on the border -- the fact that we're taking them out.The people that came into the country illegally are going to be removed from the country. Everybody knows that. It starts, you know, during the course of this next week, maybe even a little bit earlier than that. And again, everybody that came into the country illegally will be brought out of the country very legally.Now, with that being said, the border is in much better shape. Mexico is doing a good job. We need Congress to fix the loopholes and fix asylum, and we will have the cleanest border there is.We don't know. We're going to -- we'll see. We'll see.Well, some cities are going to fight it. But, if you notice, they're generally high-crime cities. If you look at Chicago, they're fighting it. And if you look at other cities, they're fighting it. Many of those cities are high-crime cities and they're sanctuary cities. The state of Florida is now ending all sanctuary cities.He's doing a very smart thing. Governor DeSantis -- he's ending all -- all sanctuary cities in the state of Florida. And I'll tell you, Governor DeSantis has been -- he's been fantastic. He's right on the ball. And we have others that are following. You'll be seeing a lot of that. People are tired of sanctuary cities and what it does and the crime it brings.They're very tired of it.Well, we'll see what's with Iran. Everybody was saying I'm a warmonger, and now they say I'm a dove. And I think I'm neither, if you want to know the truth. I'm a man with common sense, and that's what we need in this country is common sense. But I didn't like the idea of them knowingly shooting down an unmanned drone, and then we kill 150 people.I didn't like that.I -- I can't hear.Yeah, we're moving forward with additional sanctions on Iran. Good question. And some of them are in place. As you know, we have about as strong a sanction grouping as you can possibly have on any country. But we're putting additional sanctions on. They're going on slowly and, in some cases, actually pretty rapidly.But Iran -- additional sanctions are being put on Iran.Very little. That's what it's all about. You know, we have built -- and, right now, if you look at the United States, very importantly, we are the number-one oil producer -- oil and gas -- in the world, by far. We're way ahead of Russia. We're way ahead of Saudi Arabia. We don't really need the Straits anymore.We take some, but we don't need it. The biggest beneficiary of the Straits is China. Ninety-one percent of their energy comes out of the Straits. Japan, Indonesia -- many other countries need it. So we're doing them a very big service by keeping the Straits open. But this is not about the Straits. This is about Iran cannot have a nuclear weapon.It's very simple. Because we don't need it, just so you understand. We don't need it.Yeah, I do because I have John Bolton, who I would definitely say is a hawk, and I have other people that are on the other side of the equation. And, ultimately, I make the decisions, so it doesn't matter. But I want -- for instance, I disagreed very much with John Bolton -- his attitude on the Middle East and Iraq was going into Iraq.I think that was a big mistake. I think I've been proven right, but I've been against that forever. John Bolton is doing a very good job, but he takes a -- generally, a tough posture. But I have other people that don't take that posture. But the only one that matters is me because I'll listen to everybody.And I want people on both sides. Having people on both sides, to me, is very important.No, I started to hear that it was a lot. But, again, no decision was made. I said, "You come and see me." And they came and see me. At the time, we hadn't done anything. And I asked the question, and I said, "I want to know that answer before I make a decision." So we hadn't made a decision to go forward.I said, "Everybody, we will meet. One thing I want to know, and I want to know it accurately -- as accurately as possible: How many people will die?" Just so you know, I come from New York City. In New York City, we have a lot of Iranians, and they're great people. I have friends that are Iranian -- many friends.Living in New York City, you meet many Iranians. They're very smart. They're very ambitious. They have tremendous -- they're high-quality people. But I have many friends that are Iranian. I don't want to kill 150 Iranians. I understand it. I don't want to kill 150 of anything or anybody, unless it's absolutely necessary.And most people very much agree with what I -- what I'm doing. Now, if the leadership of Iran behaves badly, then it's going to be a very, very bad day for them. But hopefully, they're smart. And hopefully, they really care for their people and not themselves. And hopefully, we can get Iran back onto an economic track that's fantastic, where they're a really wealthy nation, which would be a wonderful thing.All those things, I want to do. But if they're going to be foolish, that's never going to happen.I have no idea who this woman is. This is a woman who has also accused other men of things, as you know. It is a totally false accusation. I think she was married -- as I read; I have no idea who she is -- but she was married to a, actually, nice guy, Johnson -- a newscaster.Standing with coat on in a line -- give me a break -- with my back to the camera. I have no idea who she is. What she did is -- it's terrible, what's going on. So it's a total false accusation and I don't know anything about her. And she's made this charge against others. And, you know, people have to be careful because they're playing with very dangerous territory.And when they do that -- and it's happening more and more. When you look at what happened to Justice Kavanaugh and you look at what's happening to others, you can't do that for the sake of publicity. New York Magazine is a failing magazine. It's ready to go out of business, from what I hear. They'll do anything they can.But this was about many men, and I was one of the many men that she wrote about. It's a totally false accusation. I have absolutely no idea who she is. There's some picture where we're shaking hands. It looks like at some kind of event. I have my coat on. I have my wife standing next to me. And I didn't know her husband, but he was a newscaster.But I have no idea who she is -- none whatsoever. It's a false accusation and it's a disgrace that a magazine like New York -- which is one of the reasons it's failing. People don't read it anymore, so they're trying to get readership by using me. It's not good. You know, there were cases that the mainstream media didn't pick up. And I don't know if you've seen them.And they were put on Fox. But there were numerous cases where women were paid money to say bad things about me. You can't do that. You can't do that. And those women did wrong things -- that women were actually paid money to say bad things about me. But here's a case, it's an absolute disgrace that she's allowed to do that.The deportation raids, as you call them, are really a group of very, very good law enforcement people going by the law, going by the rules, going by our court system, and taking people out of our country who came into our country illegally. They came into our country illegally, and we're taking them out legally.We're bringing them back to their countries. I want to thank -- while I'm here, I want to thank Mexico. So far, Mexico has been really good. They made an agreement, probably -- not "probably" -- because of tariffs. But they made an agreement. And so far, they've really honored the agreement. A lot of things are changing.But again, if Congress gave us something quickly on asylum; something quickly on loopholes, where we get rid of the loopholes; the border would be so beautiful. But the Democrats just won't do it. But maybe now they will, because there's no question you have a national emergency. They said that, in the last caravan, they had hundreds of people that commit crimes trying to come into our country.We're not letting them. And now Mexico is bringing them back. But they had hundreds of people -- hundreds -- that were criminals in the last caravan. We cannot allow that to happen. We're not letting them in our country. One other thing. We're very focused on MS-13, getting them out. And I hope you're not going to stick up too much for MS-13. But we're very focused -- ICE. ICE is -- these are fantastic people.We're very, very focused on getting MS-13 out of this country. How are you?Yeah. Go ahead.It wasn't really. I didn't talk too much about that. Again, no decision to go forward was made, because I said, "We'll meet at a certain time before the -- and nothing goes forward until we meet." I didn't want anybody doing anything. And when we met --And when we met, they gave me a rough estimate, earlier, but I wanted a more accurate estimate. The more accurate estimate where -- I won't go into the number of sites, but you guessed that pretty much right. You have, in particular, all right? But it was the number of sites, and it was, on average, 40 to 50 people at each site.And when they shot down an unmanned place or drone, I didn't like it.No, that came from me.It did. But it was given to me by a general.I had a long talk with Dunford. He's a great gentleman.He was. Dunford did a great job. Dunford is a terrific man and he's a terrific general. Yeah.I'll be talking about Iran at Camp David, yeah. We have a series of meetings, and, more importantly, a series of very well connected phone calls. We have a great phone system up there, and -- as you know. So I'll be doing a lot of work.We may release it later. We may.Look, Iran, right now, is an economic mess. They're going through hell. The sanctions have hit them hard. More sanctions are going to be put on -- a lot more. It's hard to believe you can even put on. But it's a mess. All I want is no nuclear weapons. Under the horrible Obama deal, he gave them a $150 billion.He gave them $1.8 billion in cash. Think of that -- in cash. Many planeloads of cash. He gave them $1.8 billion in cash, and he got nothing. But the thing he really didn't get was good inspection rights, because the most primary places, you couldn't go to, you couldn't inspect. We haven't seen them in years.The other thing he didn't get is time. Because, in a very short number of years, they will legally be able to make a nuclear weapon. That's unacceptable. And remember this: The deal wasn't even ratified in Congress. It never got proper -- in terms of treaty -- it never got proper authorization from Congress.So, with all of that, it was very important to me. So we'll start all over. We could have a deal with them very quickly, if they want to do it. I -- it's up to them. But if Iran wants to become a wealthy nation again, become a prosperous nation -- we'll call it "Let's make Iran great again." Does that make sense?Make Iran great again. It's okay with me. But they're never going to do it if they think, in five or six years, they're going to have a nuclear weapon. I know too much about nuclear -- a lot about nuclear -- and let me just tell you, they're not going to have a nuclear weapon. If that's -- and it has very little to do with the oil.Because, again, China get its oil -- 91 percent; Japan get its oil -- 60 percent; Indonesia; so many other countries. What it has to do with, very simply, is the fact is we're not going to have Iran have a nuclear weapon. And when they agree to that, they are going to have a wealthy country, they're going to be so happy, and I'm going to be their best friend.I hope that happens. I hope that happens, but it may not.It's -- anything is a lot when they shoot down an unmanned, okay? So anything is a lot. I didn't like it. I didn't like it.Say it.We'll see. But I don't think that will happen. I don't think that'll happen. And if you notice, there was a plane with 38 people yesterday -- did you see that? I think that's a big story.They had it in their sights, and they didn't shoot it down.I think they were very wise not to do that, and we appreciate that they didn't do that. But they had a plane in their sights -- 38 people on the plane -- and they didn't shoot it down. And I think that was a very wise decision. And -- and I think that's something that we very much appreciate.No. No. They brought me a great plan. But I wanted to know, at the end -- I wanted an accurate count. They gave me very odd numbers. I wanted an accurate count as to how many people would be killed, how many Iranians would be killed. And, as I said: Coming from New York, I know a lot of Iranians. They're great people.Thank you very much.It's always on the table until we get this solved, yeah. We have a tremendously powerful military force in that area. It's always on the table until we get this solved. Thank you.Mark Esper, who is a highly respected gentleman with a great career -- West Point, Harvard, a tremendous talent -- was just named Acting Secretary of Defense. I think he'll do very well. He was Secretary of the Army. I got to know him very well and he's an outstanding guy. Pat Shanahan, who is a wonderful person, is, as you know, going to take some time off for family matters.And I want to thank him for his service. He's a terrific person. And it's a difficult time for Pat, but he's going to take a little time off for family service and for working things out. And I think you know about it. You know very well about it. But Mark Esper is going to be outstanding, and we look forward to working with him for a long period of time to come.Excuse me?No, I didn't. I didn't ask him to withdraw, but he walked in this morning and he said it's going to be a rough time for him because of, obviously, what happened. But I did not ask him to withdraw. He presented me with a letter this morning. That was his -- that was his decision.I had heard about it yesterday for the first time. I didn't know about it. I had heard about yesterday. And it's very unfortunate. Very unfortunate.No, we have a very good vetting process. And you take a look at our Cabinet and our Secretaries -- it's very good. But we have a great vetting process. But this is something that came up a little bit over the last short period of time. And, as you know, Pat was Acting. And so, Acting gives you much greater flexibility.A lot easier to do things. So that's the way it is. Too bad. April.Why would you bring that question up now? It's an interesting time to bring it up.You have people on both sides of that. They admitted their guilt. If you look at Linda Fairstein, and if you look at some of prosecutors, they think that the city should never have settled that case. So we'll leave it at that.No, not at all.I think, frankly, this could happen very quickly for Mark Esper. He's very experienced. He's the ---- he's been around all of the things that we're talking about for a very long period of time.Well, we have Iran. We've been talking to various people on lots of different sides. And we'll see what happens with Iran. We're very well set. We're very well configured. We have a lot of things going on with Iran. I spoke with President Xi, this morning, of China. We'll be meeting at the G20. And I think that is working out pretty much as I anticipated it would.China very much wants to discuss the future, and so do we. So the relationship with President Xi is a very good one. We had a long talk this morning.Say it?Well, they know. They know. And they're going to start next week. And when people come into our country and they come in illegally, they have to go out. And everybody is seeing that. And as you know, Mexico has been doing a very good job the last four days. They haven't done that in 25 years. They're doing a very good job.I appreciate the job they're doing. Guatemala, likewise, is much different than it was under past administrations. So we'll see how that works out. With all of that being said, the Democrats should get together and solve the asylum problem, which is very easy to solve. And they should solve the loophole problem, also very easy to solve.Well, this came up -- this just came up. And I did the nomination --This just came up, and I think we did it very quickly. Pat Shanahan was Acting, and we put Mark Esper in. Mark is highly experienced. I think he's going to fit in very easily.Say it?Well, let's see what he does. I can tell you that Draghi and the EU, if you look at what's going on with the euro, they have a much different stance than our folks do. As you know, he did something today that was very dramatic. And, frankly, it helped that part of the world. So we'll see what happens. They're going to be making an announcement pretty soon, so we'll see what happens.But I want to be given a level playing field. And, so far, I haven't been.Yeah, I would be allowed to speak to him very easily. I speak to him anyway.Say it?Most likely. That's what I'm thinking about doing.Most likely. Pretty soon.We're looking at Iran. We have a lot of things going with Iran. We have -- we're very prepared for Iran. We'll see what happens. Let me just say this: We are very prepared. Regardless of what goes, we are very, very prepared. If you look at what's taken place, if you look at what they've done, if you look at -- and I'm not just talking about over the last week, I'm talking about over a long period of years.They've been a nation of terror. Now, we'll see what happens. We'll see what happens. They are a much different country today than they were two and a half years ago when I came into office. When President Obama signed that horrible deal, they were screaming "Death to America." I haven't been hearing that lately.I have a meeting on that, actually, this afternoon, before my speech. I'm going down, as you know -- it's a very big crowd down in Florida -- Orlando. And before that, I'm having a meeting. So we'll -- we'll be letting you know.Well, I have a very good relationship with President Xi, and we'll see what happens. I think we have a chance. I know that China wants to make a deal. They don't like the tariffs. A lot of companies are leaving China in order to avoid the tariffs. I have a very good relationship with President Xi. We'll see what happens.Say it?Well, we'll see what happens. I think the meeting might very well go well. And, frankly, our people are starting the deal as of tomorrow. The teams, they're starting to deal. So, we'll see. China would like to make the deal, we'd like to make the deal, but it has to be a good deal for everybody.They did. They changed their position. So I said, "We're not going to do that."You're going to find out. You're going to find out. Thank you very much.Thank you very much. Please. Today, Melania and I are honored to welcome President Duda and Mrs. Kornhauser-Duda of Poland back to the White House. They've become friends. We last hosted them in Washington, in September, and it's wonderful to see you both again. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.Great honor. Since our last meeting, the unbreakable bonds between the United States and Poland have grown even closer. This year, as our nations mark 100 years of diplomatic relations, the U.S.-Polish alliance is stronger, by far, than ever before. Earlier today, President Duda and I signed a joint declaration affirming the significant defense cooperation between our nations.And, as the declaration makes clear, the United States and Poland are not only bound by a strategic partnership, but by deep, common values, shared goals, and a very strong and abiding friendship. Our people are united by the enduring ties of civilization, culture, and history. We respect the rule of law, revere individual rights, and prize our timeless traditions.We embrace country, faith, family, and freedom. Over the past century, brave American and Polish patriots have repeatedly stood together to defend our sovereignty, our liberty, and our noble way of life. When I was last in Poland, I was very proud to stand among veterans of the Warsaw Uprising and recall their incredible courage in the face of Nazi tyranny.Today, we honor the sacrifices of all those who came before by doing our part to safeguard our independence and strengthen the incredible U.S.-Polish alliance. As stated in the joint declaration, the United States and Poland continue to enhance our security cooperation. Poland will still provide basing and infrastructure to support military presence of about 1,000 American troops.The Polish government will build these projects at no cost to the United States. The Polish government will pay for this. We thank President Duda and the people of Poland for their partnership in advancing our common security. Poland's burden sharing also extends to the NATO Alliance, where it is among eight NATO Allies, including the United States, currently meeting the minimum 2 percent of GDP that's for defense spending.And Poland is there. And you've been there from a very early date, and we appreciate that very much. And we've been there also. There's been a total of 8 -- 8 out of 28, and the rest are coming along. Because nations, at my urging, have paid more than $100 billion more toward the NATO defense. Last month, I was very pleased that Poland announced the intent to purchase 32 American-made F-35 fighter aircraft, like you just saw.Moments ago, we witnessed that impressive flyover of this cutting-edge F-35 as it flew over the White House and actually came to a -- pretty close to a halt over the White House. I was saying, "What's wrong with that plane? It's not going very fast." [Laughter] But it's an incredible -- it's an incredible thing when you can do that.That plane can land dead straight, and it's one of the few in the world that can do that. Considered to be the greatest fighter jet in the world. I applaud President Duda for its efforts to strengthen and modernize Poland's defenses. I also want to congratulate Poland for its progress on meeting U.S. criteria for entry into the Visa Waiver Program.Today, our country signed a Preventing and Combatting Serious Crimes Agreement -- a significant and necessary step for Poland's entry into the program. Though we still have some work to do, we hope to welcome Poland into the Visa Waiver Program very soon, and that's a very big deal. Both of our nations understand that immigration security is national security.In our meeting, President Duda and I discussed the vital issue of energy. Reliance on a single foreign supplier of energy leaves nations totally vulnerable to coercion and extortion. For this reason, we support Poland's construction of the Baltic pipeline, which will help European countries diversify their energy sources.It's desperately needed, and that's the way to go. During the past year, Poland has also signed approximately 25 billion dollars' worth of new contracts with U.S. firms to buy more than 6 billion cubic meters of U.S. liquefied natural gas. Today, our nations just signed another contract for an additional 2 billion cubic meters worth approximately $8 billion.So between the planes and the liquefied natural gas, and many other things that Poland is doing -- which is doing very well because Poland is doing very, very well -- we appreciate it. Thank you very much, Mr. President. Our countries also signed an agreement to expand U.S.-Polish civil nuclear cooperation, which will likewise advance Poland's energy and security, and deepen our bilateral commercial ties.Economic relations between the U.S. and Poland are thriving. We're committed to further expanding commerce based on fairness and reciprocity -- perhaps my favorite word. Across many critical areas -- from defense and diplomacy, to energy and economics -- the alliance between the United States and Poland is reaching extraordinary new heights in 2019. Our longstanding partnership demonstrates the enormous possibilities for the world when two strong and independent nations unite in common purpose and in common cause.President Duda, it's a honor to have you with us. And, Mrs. Duda, thank you very much for being here. We usher in a very exciting new era in U.S.-Polish alliance. It's a very special alliance with very special people. We build a future of promise and prosperity for the American and the Polish people.And, again, our relationship is an extraordinary one, and it's going to remain that for a long, long time. Thank you very much, Mr. President. Thank you. [Applause]Thank you. Thank you very much. We'll take a few questions. Emerald? OAN.Thank you.No, I don't think so. I just will tell you very strongly that I think Germany is making a tremendous mistake by relying so heavily on the pipeline. And I think it's a tremendous mistake for Germany. But again, Germany is running their affairs. And they'll do just fine. But I was critical. I had been critical of it. It's a tremendous amount of their energy will be supplied by that pipeline.At the same time, having nothing to do with Germany, Poland said that we would like to build a facility, a great facility, and we'd like to have you come to that facility. So we're going to be there with a limited force, but we'll be there. And we appreciate Poland doing what they're doing. It's a great location.It's a tremendous -- it's a tremendous plant, tremendous facility. And it's our honor to be there. Poland has been a tremendous friend of ours for a long time. And when Melania and I were there not so long ago, it was a very special day. I think it was a special day for Poland, also. But it was a very special day for our country.So I appreciate that. And our relationship is just a very strong one.Yeah, go ahead.He just wrote me a very nice letter, unexpected. And someday you'll see what was in that letter. Someday you'll be reading about it. Maybe in 100 years from now, maybe in two weeks. Who knows? But it was a very nice letter. It was a very warm, very nice letter. I appreciated it. Okay?Good. Thank you very much.Please.He'd like to see 250,000 troops. [Laughter] We'll keep it [Inaudible].I just have a very warm feeling for Poland. I always have. And it's now even beyond that because of the relationship, which we've developed with your President and First Lady. And it's just -- they're very -- they're incredible people. Hard working, smart, very industrious people. And what they've done with the country over the last five years has been something that the world has watched and the world has marveled at. I've just liked Poland.So when the President came and he asked me whether or not we'd consider this, I said, "I will consider it." And now, because of his leadership, we're able to do that. And that's fine with me. That's great. Great people. And say "hello."We are looking very seriously at going back to Poland. And I don't know what the President has in store for us, but we're thinking about going back sometime in September. Yes. Thank you.Thank you.Let's see, who do I like? [Laughter] Nobody. That's the end. [Laughter] Go ahead. Yeah.I was pointing at you, but you can go ahead. Here we go.I was actually pointing to my friend with that beautiful hat on, but that's okay.You'll give up your question?You'll give up your --Huh? Okay. We'll share it. Good.No, it's not what I meant. It's what I said. And that's -- I think it's different than maybe your interpretation. I think we're going to do very well with North Korea over a period of time. I'm in no rush. The sanctions are on. We got our hostages back. Our remains are coming back; you saw the beautiful ceremony in Hawaii with Mike Pence.We're getting the remains back. There's been no nuclear testing whatsoever. They'd like to do something. I did get, you know, a very -- as I said yesterday, a very nice letter from Chairman Kim. And I think we're doing very well. When I took over as President, I will tell you, it looked like it was going to be war with North Korea.You know that. Everybody knows that. And it was going to be quite brutal. A strong force. We're the strongest force in the world, but that's a strong force. And we started off a very rough relationship, and I think we have a very good relationship right now. So we'll see what happens. I'm in no rush.I'm in no rush. But there's been no nuclear testing whatsoever. And when I took over, it was nuclear testing all the time. And if you look back to the last four, five, six years -- but really go back further than that. In all fairness to President Obama, go back 20 years, 15 years. It was, really, a very dangerous situation.I consider it to be different now. Now, I may change. And if I change, you will know it very quickly. I will be very quick to tell you exactly what's going on. I may change. But right now, we have a good relationship, and I think, probably, better than we've had for maybe 25 years, maybe forever. You know, they've been there a long time -- the grandfather, the father, the son.And they've been there for a long time, and nobody has done anything except me. And so we'll see how it all turns out. I hope it turns out well for you and for everybody.Are you talking to me?Boy, was that a set-up question. [Laughter]And just to finish, I hope that Poland is going to have a great relationship with Russia. I think it's possible. I really do. I think because of what you've done and the strength -- and maybe we help also, because of what we're doing and doing for Poland. But I hope that Poland is going to have a great relationship with Russia.I hope we're going to have a great relationship with Russia and, by the way, China and many other countries. And we look forward to doing things on North Korea -- just to go back to the original part of your question. And we'll see how that works out. I do want to say, though: We're in no hurry. The sanctions are on. China has actually been helping us quite a bit.And despite our trade differences right now -- we thought we had a deal, and unfortunately, they decided that they were going to change the deal, and they can't do that with me. But something is going to happen, and I think it's going to be something very positive. But we think we're going to get along with a lot of countries that, frankly, did not respect us very much because they were ripping us off for many, many years.And they're not ripping us off anymore. Jeff.Well, we're going to be meeting -- President Xi and myself -- and you know we have a very good relationship. But, again, he's for China and I'm for the U.S. It's a big difference. And we thought we had a deal. We didn't have a deal. And I would never make something that would be less than what we already had.We had China opened up to trade. That's a big thing. They've never done that before. We had intellectual property theft taken care of and taken care of beautifully. And all of the sudden, those things started to disappear at the end, after they were fully negotiated. But that's -- you know, that's their decision.I think if they had to do again -- and in light of the fact that we have 25 percent on $250 billion of goods coming into the United States. And unlike a lot of countries, they subsidize those goods. We haven't had inflation. And, you know, they keep saying that the American taxpayer is paying for it. No. No. Very little.And what it really does mean is that a lot of those companies that are in China are going to be moving back to the U.S. You have car companies -- General Motors, as an example -- that built plants in China. Well, that doesn't work out too well when you have the tariff wall up because now they're going to have to get through that and they can't really get through that.So maybe they'll start building plants in the United States instead. I think that we'll end up making a deal with China. We have a very good relationship, although it's a little bit testy right now, as you would expect. I think they really have to make a deal. A lot of companies are leaving China, as you know.It's in all the reports. And they're going to Vietnam and various other places, and they're also coming to the United States to make their product because they don't want to pay the tariff. And there is no tariff if you do it in the United States. People don't realize that. You know, they say "the tariff," but there is no tariff if you don't do it -- you know, if you just do exactly as I say: You bring your company back to the United States.And as far as Mexico is concerned, which was a very big topic yesterday -- and now people are finding out that the reports that were written were totally false -- we would never have had a deal with Mexico without imposing tariffs. Once the tariffs were imposed -- and they've been trying to make this deal with Mexico for 20 years, 25 years.The older reporters, those great reporters with the very gray hair in the back -- you know who I'm talking about; they know exactly what I'm talking about -- you would have never made the deal with Mexico. We have a great deal with Mexico. I actually think we have a much better relationship right now with Mexico because they respect us again.But you would never have had that deal if I didn't impose the tariffs. And those tariffs were ready to going to on Monday morning, and we made the deal on, essentially, Sunday night. And that extra little page of the deal that you saw that brilliantly -- I had gained such respect for you people when I held it up to the sunlight and it was closed, and you were able to read it through the sunlight.That was not anticipated. But regardless, I mean, you knew enough of what it said. And I didn't do it on purpose, but we have a lot of strength in 45 days if we decide to use that strength. Maybe we will, and maybe we won't. But there's a lot of power right now in the border. And I will say this: Mexico is, right now, doing more for the United States on illegal immigration and all of the problems of crime and other problems on the border than the Democrats.We can solve our problem on the border in 15 minutes if the Democrats would sit down, straighten out asylum -- which is a total mess, but very uncomplicated -- straighten out asylum, and get rid of the loopholes. It would take, Jeff, 15 minutes. Okay? Thank you. Please.No, I have no deadline. My deadline is what's up here. We'll figure out the deadline.Nobody can quite figure it out.No.We think fairly soon. We're doing very well with it. It's a complex situation, as you know. But we're getting very close. We allow very few countries to join, but Poland is one that we're thinking about allowing in. So we'll be making that decision over the next, probably, 90 days.I think it's a very good idea. Thank you very much for giving me that idea. [Laughter]Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. [Applause] Thank you very much. Thank you.Well, thank you very much. This group gets bigger and bigger. This is a big group by any standard. This is like the Academy Awards used to be before they went political.Now nobody cares. But a great honor to be with you. We're doing very well. Mexico is doing a great job at the border, really helping us. We want the Democrats to help us as much as Mexico. And we'll have absolutely no problem at the border. We'll clean it up very quickly. But the agreement with Mexico has been great.They've been working very hard. We're doing very well together. A good relationship. Yes.Well, I heard Biden, who's a loser -- I mean, look, Joe never got more than 1 percent, except Obama took him off the trash heap, and now it looks like he's failing. It looks like his friends from the left are going to overtake him pretty soon. But I heard he -- you know, his whole campaign is to hit Trump.If you look at what the Obama administration did in terms of the military, in terms of security, in terms of other nations, in terms of almost everything, much of it now, fortunately for everybody here, has been overturned. But, look, when a man has to mention my name 76 times in his speech, that means he's in trouble.Now, I have to tell you, he's a different guy. He looks different than he used to. He acts different than he used to. He's even slower than he used to be. So, I don't know. But when he mentions my name that many times, I guess they should be complimented.Who?I never do. My poll numbers are great. By the way, we've gotten fantastic numbers. I guess Rasmussen just came out with a 50 percent. And the amazing thing is all I do is get hit by this phony witch hunt, although they don't mention Russia anymore because there was no collusion. So now they want to try and say, "Well, did he obstruct a no-collusion?" So there was no crime.The crime was by the Democrats, folks. They've committed, in my opinion, many crimes. And time will tell what happens there. But the crime was by the Democrats. My poll numbers have been very, very good. We're starting, really, next week. It's going to be something, I think, very special. We're starting in Orlando, Florida.Excuse me?No, I'd rather run against, I think, Biden than anybody. I think he's the weakest, mentally. And I like running against people that are weak, mentally. I think Joe is the weakest up here. The other ones have much more energy. I don't agree with their policies, but I think Joe is a man who is -- I call him "One Percent Joe," because until Obama came along, he didn't do very well.But I -- look. Look, but I don't bring him up.The best thing that ever happened to the farmers is me. We gave $16 billion to the farmers to make up for the deficit with China. We gave them $16 billion. We don't give them; they earn it, because they're patriots. We gave them ethanol at 15, which nobody was ever going to do; which Biden didn't do in eight years as, you know, Vice President.The farmers are my best friend. Nobody has treated the farmers better than Donald Trump.[Displays a document] That's the agreement that everybody says I don't have.So, no, because I'm going to let Mexico do the announcement at the right time. For Mexico, they want to go through it. But here's the agreement. It's a very simple agreement. This is one page. This is one page of a very long and very good agreement for both Mexico and the United States. Without the tariffs, we would have had nothing.We had nothing two weeks ago. Mexico told us "absolutely." I don't know where the Times got the story, but -- I think they got it probably from somebody that worked here and said, oh, how well they were doing. Well, for a long time -- for many years -- people tried to get what we got in a period of a couple of days.And they couldn't get it. That's the difference: They couldn't get it. So, Mexico, we're getting along with them great. Marcelo and the President and all of them, we're getting along great. They've started a very strong action. They're moving, right now, 6,000 soldiers to their southern border. Who ever heard of that?You think we had that two weeks ago? Two weeks ago, I'll tell you what we had: We had nothing. And the reason we had nothing is because Mexico felt they didn't have to give us anything. I don't blame them. But this is actually, ultimately, going to be good for Mexico, too. And it's good for the relationship of Mexico with us. So here's your thing.You know, they all say, "Oh, he doesn't..." I just give you my word inside here. And I would love to do it. But you will freeze-action it. You will stop it. You will analyze it. Every single letter you'll see. But in here is the agreement.Now, look, Nancy is a mess. The Democratic Party is a mess. They're doing everything they can to win the election in 2020. They are guilty of many crimes. Many, many crimes -- what they've done. They're guilty of many, many crimes. And hopefully, in a short period of time, that'll be seen. They should never have done what they've done.And all they do is waste time on these investigations where there's no obstruction, no collusion, no nothing. And in the meantime, they can't get a border deal done. They can't do anything. We need -- in addition to the great deal with Mexico, we need them to work on illegal immigration, on lower drug prices, on infrastructure.And they're not doing anything. They are -- they've come to a halt.Say it?I don't want to say, but you can just figure it out yourself. And the reason is Mexico wants to handle. That would have to go through their legislative body.A lot of people heard they agreed to it. A lot of people are saying that. Good luck. Okay? I'm not going to say one way or the other. But I will tell you, right here is the story. You know, I don't like it when newspapers write fake news, or when reporters, like you, do fake news. I don't like that. So right here is the agreement.It's very simple. It's right here. And in here is everything you want to talk about. Done. It's done. It's done. It's all done. Emerald.Joe Biden thought that China was not a competitor of ours. Joe Biden is a dummy. Joe Biden thought China was not a competitor. China made $500 billion, over a short period of time, against Obama, Biden -- and for many, many years, in all fairness to them. China is a major competitor and right now China wants to make a deal very badly.It's me, right now, that's holding up the deal. And we're going to either do a great deal with China or we're not doing a deal at all. Right now, China is paying us billions and billions of dollars. They never gave us 10 cents. And China ate our country alive during Obama and Biden. They ate us alive. And then, Biden has some kind of relationship financially, or his son, with China?Tell me about that? Because China ate the United States alive economically, and it's a shame.No, no, Pelosi attacked me. She was here. She made a horrible statement that I'm sure she wished she didn't make. She made a horrible statement while I was with the Queen of England, while I was with -- while I was with the President of France. And you're not supposed to do that. Okay? But the ones that committed the crimes are the Democrats and others.We're looking at that and we're very much involved with the Venezuela crisis. It's a horrible thing, a horrible situation. It's been brewing for many years. It really started, in the worst form, during the Biden-Obama administration. But it's been brewing for a long time.So we're looking at that very strongly. We're looking at that.My relationship with President Xi of China is a very good one. One of the people I really like. I get along with him right. He's representing China. I'm representing the United States of America. We're doing very well. We're taking in billions and billions of dollars. Companies are leaving China right now and they're coming here because they don't want to pay the tariffs.And they're going to other countries. But I think that China -- I can tell you China would like to make a deal very badly. They're getting hurt very badly by the tariffs because companies can't pay the tariffs, so they're leaving China. And the other thing you have to remember about China is that China will subsidize companies so our taxpayer is not paying for very much of it. A report came out; they're paying for very little of it. But what it's doing is creating a fair playing field, which we've never had with China since the WTO -- the World Trade Organization.We expect to meet with President Xi very shortly. We think we'll meet him at the G20. We're talking. We have a very good relationship. Look, we had a deal with China and then they went back on the deal. They said, "We don't want to have four major points, five major points." So we changed it. But we had a deal with China.And unless they go back to that deal, I have no interest. Right now, we're taking in billions and billions of dollars. I've created something -- what we've done in the last two and a half years, we've picked up $14 trillion in net worth of the United States. And China has gone down probably by $20 trillion.There's a tremendous gap. When I came in, that gap was getting very close.Well, I love Iowa. I've gotten along great. I won Iowa by a lot the last time. Usually a Republican would not win it by that much. But I won Iowa, as you know, by a lot. I have a great relationship with the farmers. I have a great relationship with everybody. I mean, Iowa, I think, is going to be something that we win very easily.I think we're going to win. I saw a fake poll -- a suppression poll in Pennsylvania. I even saw one in Texas. They're suppression. They're fake polls, just like the fake media, of which there are many here. They're fake polls. We're going to win Texas by a lot. We're going to win Iowa by a lot. We're going to win, I would say, every -- Pennsylvania, I think we're going to do very well.We have steel companies opening up that for 40 years they didn't open up steel companies. Now they're opening up. No, I think we're doing very well.So, I see that. And I just received a beautiful letter from Kim Jong Un, and I think the relationship is very well. But I appreciated the letter. I saw the information about the CIA, with respect to his brother, or half-brother. And I would tell him that would not happen under my auspices, that's for sure.I wouldn't let that happen under my auspices. But I just received a beautiful letter from Kim Jong Un. I can't show you the letter, obviously, but it was a very personal, very warm, very nice letter. I appreciate it. And I'll say it again: I think that North Korea has tremendous potential, and he'll be there.I think that North Korea, under his leadership -- but North Korea, because of what it represents -- the people are great, the land is great, the location is incredible between Russia, China, and South Korea -- I think North Korea has tremendous potential. And the one that feels that more than anybody is Kim Jong Un. He gets it. He totally gets it.I don't know. I have not heard about that, but we'll see.I would, but I want to get it further advanced. In the meantime, no nuclear testing. No major missile testing. Nothing like when I first got here. When I first got here, it was a bad mess. We have a very good relationship together. Now I can confirm it because of the letter I got yesterday. And I think -- you know, I think that something will happen that's going to be very positive.But in the meantime, we have our hostages back. The remains keep coming back. We have a relationship.Say it?I don't know anything about that. I know this: That the relationship is such that that wouldn't happen under my auspices. But I don't know about that. Nobody knows.Quiet. Quiet. Quiet. Go ahead.Up a little higher.So, Congress has to get their act together. They have to pass immigration laws. They have to get rid of -- I mean, as far as I'm concerned, the most important thing is to get rid of the loopholes, because you have loopholes and asylum problems that they could do in 15 minutes if they wanted to. The Democrats in Congress are causing this country tremendous drug problems, tremendous security problems, and they have to get together and they have to work out asylum and the loopholes.It would take, literally, 15 minutes. It's so simple.What we're going to do is we're going to sit down at some point with the Democrats; we're going to work it all out. It is a quick negotiation. And they know I'm right. They just don't want to do it politically. They want to have open borders. And open borders means crime. And really, it means crime; it means drugs.So we get 90 percent of our drugs coming in through the southern border, which I think everyone pretty much agrees too. Hundreds of billions of dollars -- we can close it up so easy. Now, we took a big step with Mexico over the last three days. This is an even bigger step. But we took a big step with Mexico.The Democrats have to sit down with us and we have to work something out very easily on asylum and on loopholes.Well, it could happen, but I want to bring it further down the line. Look, in the meantime, he's kept his word. There's no nuclear testing, there's no large, you know, long-range missiles going up. The only thing he sent up were very short-term, short-range. That was just a test of short range. It's a whole different deal.But he's kept his word to me; that's very important. And again, the letter he sent was a beautiful letter. It was a very warm letter. That's a very nice thing. And I don't say that out of naiveté. I say that was a very nice letter.This will go into effect, and it's my option. It's not Mexico's. But it will go into effect when Mexico tells me it's okay to release it.If they bring the numbers way down, we won't have to use it. Okay? If they bring the numbers way down, we won't have to. But this my option. It goes into effect when I want it to. But I have a lot of respect for the President of Mexico, I have a lot of respect for the people we dealt with, so I don't want to do that.And they have to go back to Congress to get that approved. But it goes down -- listen, it goes down -- it goes into effect at my option. But I wouldn't do that. I want to deal with them, okay?Say it?Well, I have -- Defense Secretary.I have. It's done. I put it out.Yeah. It's done from the standpoint of the nomination.Wait, wait, wait. Pat Shanahan was nominated two weeks ago.Yeah, no, I put it out.I put it out officially. No, now he has to go through the process.He's now going through. That, we'll make a determination. I think Kevin is doing a very good job right now. But we'll make a determination in the not-too-distant -- we have Acting. We'll make a determination. But I think Kevin is doing a very good job.I hope that everything works out with Iran. Iran is a country that now, because of all of the sanctions and other things, is a much different country than when I came here. When I came here, they were all over the place causing terror, causing problems. They're not doing that right now. And I think they respect the United States right now much more than they ever have.So Iran has got a lot of problems, and I'd like to help them with those problems. We'll see what happens. But they have tremendous inflation. Their money is worthless. You can't buy a loaf of bread. It's a lot of problems in Iran. And it's a lot different than it was two and a half years ago. And big things were sanctioned, but I think the biggest thing was when I -- and the most important was when I terminated the Iran nuclear deal, which was an incompetent deal.Thank you all. I'll see you in Iowa.Thank you very much, Theresa.Well, thank you, Prime Minister May. Melania and I are honored to return to London as our nations commemorate the 75th anniversary of D-Day in World War Two. We want to thank Her Majesty the Queen, who I had a lovely dinner with last night -- a fantastic person, fantastic woman -- for so graciously inviting us to this State Visit.It was very, very special. Our thanks as well to Prime Minister and Mr. May for the warm welcome they've given the First Lady and me, as we remember the heroes who laid down their lives to rescue civilization itself. On June 6th, 1944, tens of thousands of young warriors left these shores by the sea and air to begin the invasion of Normandy and the liberation of Europe and the brutal Nazi occupation.It was a liberation like few people have seen before. Among them were more than 130,000 American and British brothers-in-arms. Through their valor and sacrifice, they secured our homelands and saved freedom for the world. Tomorrow, Prime Minister May and I will attend a commemoration ceremony in Portsmouth -- one of the key embarkation points for the invasion.More than one and a half million American service members were stationed right here in England in advance of the landings that summer. The bonds of friendship forged here and sealed in blood on those hallowed beaches will endure forever. Our special relationship is grounded in common history, values, customs, culture, language, and laws.Our people believe in freedom and independence as a sacred birthright and cherished inheritance worth defending at any cost. As the Prime Minister and I discussed in our meetings today and yesterday, the United States and the United Kingdom share many goals and priorities around the world. I want to thank the people of the United Kingdom for their service and partnership in our campaign to defeat ISIS. As we announced a few months ago, ISIS's territorial caliphate in Syria and Iraq has been completely obliterated -- defeated.The United Kingdom is also a key partner in NATO. The Prime Minister and I agree that our NATO Allies must increase their defense spending. We've both been working very hard toward that end. And we are very current, and some of them are not. We can't allow that to happen. But I appreciate everything you've done in that regard.We expect a growing number of nations to meet the minimum 2 percent of GDP requirement. To address today's challenges, all members of the Alliance must fulfill their obligations. They have no choice. They must fulfill their obligation. Among the pressing threats facing our nations is the development and spread of nuclear weapons.Perhaps that's our greatest threat. The United States and the United Kingdom are determined to ensure that Iran never develops nuclear weapons, and stops supporting and engaging in terrorism. And I believe that will happen. In protecting our nations, we also know that the border security is national security.Today, the Prime Minister and I discussed our thriving economic relationship -- both countries are doing very well -- and participated in a roundtable with industry and business leaders -- I can say, probably, the biggest business leaders anywhere in the world. Our nations have more than $1 trillion invested in each other's economics.The United Kingdom is America's largest foreign investor and our largest European export market. That's a lot of importance. As the UK makes preparations to exit the European Union, the United States is committed to a phenomenal trade deal between the U.S. and the UK. There is tremendous potential in that trade deal -- I say, probably, two and even three times of what we're doing right now.Tremendous potential. Seventy-five years ago this Thursday, courageous Americans and British patriots set out from this island toward history's most important battle. They stormed forward out of ships and airplanes, risking everything to defend our people and to ensure that the United States and Britain would forever remain sovereign and forever remain free.Following this press conference, Prime Minister May, Mr. May, the First Lady, my family, and I will visit the legendary Churchill War Rooms beneath the streets of London. I look forward to that. In his famous speech on this day in June 1940, Prime Minister Churchill urged his countrymen to "defend our island, whatever the cost may be." As we mark this solemn anniversary of D-Day, we remember that the defense of our nations does not begin on the battlefield but within the heart of every patriot.Today, let us renew our pledge, engraved at the American Cemetery in Normandy and inscribed by President Dwight Eisenhower in St. Paul's Cathedral right here in London, that "the cause for which they died shall live." Prime Minister May, it's been a true honor. I have greatly enjoyed working with you.You are a tremendous professional and a person that loves your country dearly. Thank you very much. Really an honor. Thank you for the invitation to memorialize our fallen heroes and for your partnership in protecting and advancing the extraordinary alliance between the American and the British people. It's the greatest alliance the world has ever known.Thank you, Prime Minister. Thank you.Thank you very much.You're talking about the Mayor of London. Is that who you said? Yes? Well, I think he's been a -- a not very good mayor, from what I understand. He's done a poor job. Crime is up. A lot of problems. And I don't think he should be criticizing a representative of the United States that can do so much good for the United Kingdom.We talked about it before: He should be positive, not negative. He's a negative force, not a positive force. And if you look at what he said, he hurts the people of this great country. And I think he should actually focus on his job. It'd be a lot better if he did that. He could straighten out some of the problems that he has and probably some of the problems that he's caused.Thank you.Jeremy -- yes. Yes, he wanted to meet with me and I told him no.Yes.Well, I don't know Jeremy Corbyn. Never met him. Never spoke to him. He wanted to meet today or tomorrow, and I decided that I would not do that. I think that he is -- from where I come from -- somewhat of a negative force. I think that the people should look to do things correctly as opposed to criticize.I really don't like critics as much as I like and respect people that get things done. So I've decided not to meet. As far as the protests, I have to tell you, because I commented on it yesterday: We left the Prime Minister, the Queen, the Royal Family -- there were thousands of people on the streets cheering.And even coming over today, there were thousands of people cheering. And then I heard that there were protests. I said, "Where are the protests? I don't see any protests." I did see a small protest today when I came -- very small. So a lot of it is fake news, I hate to say. But you saw the people waving the American flag, waving your flag; it was tremendous spirit and love.There was great love. It was an alliance. And I didn't see the protestors until just a little while ago, and it was a very, very small group of people, put in for political reasons. So it was fake news. Thank you.It's very big, and this really is a very big and important alliance. And I think people should act positively toward it because it means so much for both countries. It means so much and it's been so good. Steve Holland, yes. Go ahead, Steve.Well, I don't like to take positions in things that I'm not, you know, really -- I understand the issue very well. I really predicted what was going to happen. Some of you remember that prediction. It was a strong prediction, made at a certain location, on a development we were opening the day before it happened.And I thought it was going to happen because of immigration more than anything else, but probably it happens for a lot of reasons. But I would say, yeah, I would think that it will happen and it probably should happen. This is a great, great country and it wants its own identity. It wants to have its own borders.It wants to run its own affairs. This is a very, very special place. And I think it deserves a special place. And I thought maybe for that reason -- and for others -- but that reason, it was going to happen. Yeah, I think it will happen, and I believe the Prime Minister has brought it to a very good point where something will take place in the not-too-distant future.I think she's done a very good job. I believe it would be good for the country. Yes.No, because we're going to have absolutely an agreement on Huawei and everything else. We have an incredible intelligence relationship and we will be able to work out any differences. I think we're not going to have it. We did discuss it. I see absolutely no limitations. We've never had limitations.This is a truly great ally and partner, and we'll have no problem with that. Okay?I think we're going to have a great trade deal, yes. I think we're going to have a great and very comprehensive trade deal --I can't hear him. What?Look, I think everything with a trade deal is on the table. When you -- when you're dealing in trade, everything is on the table -- so, NHS or anything else. There are a lot -- a lot more than that. But everything will be on the table, absolutely. Okay.John, please.That's good.Not "possibly be."No, we haven't started yet.Yeah, the threat is out there, but we haven't really started yet. No, this will take effect next week -- the 5 percent.Oh, I don't think they will do that. I think if they do, it's foolish. There's nothing more important than borders. I've had tremendous Republican support. I have a 90 percent -- 94 percent approval rating, as of this morning, in the Republican Party. That's an all-time record. Can you believe that?Isn't that something? I love records. But we have a 94 percent approval rating in the Republican Party. I want to see security at our border. I'm going to see great trade. I'm going to see a lot of things happening. And that is happening. And as you know, Mexico called. They want to meet. They're going to meet on Wednesday.Secretary Pompeo is going to be at the meeting, along with a few others that are very good at this. And we are going to see if we can do something. But I think it's more likely that the tariffs go on. And we'll probably be talking during the time that the tariffs are on and they're going to be paid. And if they don't step up and give us security for our nation -- look, millions of people are flowing through Mexico.That's unacceptable. Millions and millions of people are coming right through Mexico. It's a 2,000-mile journey. And they're coming up to our border. And our Border Patrol, which is incredible -- they're apprehending them, but our laws are bad because the Democrats don't want to pass laws that could be passed in 15 minutes, that could be passed quickly.In one day, it could change. But even beyond the laws, Mexico shouldn't allow millions of people to try and enter our country. And they could stop it very quickly, and I think they will. And if they won't, we're going to put tariffs on. And every month, those tariffs go from 5 percent, to 10 percent, to 15 percent, to 20, and then to 25 percent.And what will happen then is all of those companies that have left our country and gone to Mexico are going to be coming back to us. And that's okay. That's okay. But I think Mexico will step up and do what they should have been done. And I don't want to hear that Mexico is run by the cartels and the drug lords and the coyotes.I don't want to hear about that. A lot of people are saying that. Mexico has something to prove. But I don't want to hear that they're run by the cartels. You understand. You report on it all the time. A lot of people do. That would be a terrible thing. Mexico should step up and stop this onslaught, this invasion into our country, John.Yeah. That's not such a -- I would have sued, but that's okay. [Laughter] I would have sued and settled, maybe. But you never know. She's probably a better negotiator than I am [Inaudible]. But you know what? She has got it, in a sense, John. That deal is teed up. I think that deal is really teed up. I think they have to do something.And perhaps you won't be given the credit that you deserve if they do something, but I think you deserve a lot of credit. I really do. I think you deserve a lot of credit. Okay? Yes, John?So, I know Boris. I like him. I've liked him for a long time. He's -- I think he'd do a very good job. I know Jeremy. I think he'd do a very good job. I don't know Michael. But would he do a good job -- Jeremy? Tell me. [Laughter] Okay?Good. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you. Thank you very much. [Applause]Hello everybody. So we'll be going to the UK. I think it'll be very important. It certainly will be very interesting. There's a lot going on in the UK. And I'm sure it's going to work out very well for them. As you know, they want to do trade with the United States, and I think there's an opportunity for a very big trade deal at some point in the near future.And we'll see how that works out. Our country is doing incredibly well. Our businesses are doing well. We're going to clog up the border. We're going to stop the border. Mexico is making hundreds of billions of dollars for many, many years. And they have to do something about the border. Everyone is coming through Mexico -- including drugs, including human trafficking -- and we're going to stop it or we're not going to do business and that's going to be it. It's very simple.They're sending a big delegation right here to the White House on Wednesday, as I understand it. And we'll see what can be done. But if it's not done, you know what we're going to be doing. And I'm really okay with that.I don't like them at all.Well, people ask me questions -- like you; you're asking me a question. Don't ask me the question if you don't want me to talk about it.Go ahead.Talk -- talk up.They have to stop the illegal flow -- the flow of drugs; of immigrants, illegal immigrants -- people that have not gone through the process. We have people -- we want people to come into our country, but they have to come in legally. We have a list of people -- literally, millions of people -- applying for membership and citizenship to our great country.These people walk in; nobody knows who they are. They don't know the problems. We have a lot of crime that's able to walk in. Our Border Patrol has apprehended record numbers of people. They're doing an incredible job. We're starting, as you know, the process. We're getting them out. So they may think they get in because the laws are no good, but they're getting out.And for that, the laws are very good. So we're taking them out almost as fast as they come in. But it's a big, big job. And if the Democrats would wise up and give us the proper laws -- the proper immigration laws -- we could solve the problem in one day. But, in the meantime, Mexico can do it. And, by the way, beyond the immigration laws, Mexico should be doing it. What Mexico has been doing to this country for so many years -- like 25 to 30 years -- with the drugs and human trafficking and illegals all pouring through Mexico -- no good -- and caravans.No good.I don't like what's happening in Syria with Idlib. I gave people a warning seven months ago. I stopped it. I don't like what's happening. They're killing indiscriminately many, many civilians. Bad things are happening over there.Well, I think I may meet with him. He's been a friend of mine. He's been very nice. I have a very good relationship with him. I have a very good relationship with Nigel Farage -- with many people over there. And we'll see what happens, but I may meet with him. They want to meet. We'll see what happens.The Australian situation is interesting, but the relationship is very strong. No, we're doing a very -- a very special relationship with Australia.Go ahead.You have to talk up. We have a helicopter.Well, let's see what happens. I mean, look, we're doing our best to help the Middle East to get a peace plan. And he may be right. I mean, most people would say that. I think we have a good chance, but we'll see what happens. In the meantime, Israel is all messed up with their election. I mean, that came out of the blue three days ago.So that's all messed up. They ought to get their act together. I mean, Bibi got elected. Now, all of a sudden, they're going to have to go through the process again until September? That's ridiculous. So we're not happy about that. But if we can get a Mid East peace plan, that'd be good. And when Mike says that, I understand when he says that because most people think it can't be done.I think it probably can. But, as I say often, we'll see what happens.No, I made no bad comment. Thank you.When did this come up again? What are you, back -- are you back --Are you back -- what -- four months ago? No.Well, you know why? Because people want her to do work. People want the Democrats to pass immigration laws. They want the Democrats, very importantly, to do something on infrastructure. They want the Democrats to reduce drug pricing. That's the reason they're all getting booed.There is no basis whatsoever for impeachment. None. There was no collusion. There was no obstruction. There was no crime. The crime was by the Democrats. The crime was by the Democrats. There is no legal basis for impeachment. It's a big witch hunt. Everybody knows it, including the Democrats.No, I don't think much of him. I think that he's a -- he's the twin of de Blasio, except shorter. Okay. Thank you everybody.Good morning, everybody. We just had news that Turkey released a prisoner that we were trying to get, and they released him a little while ago into home custody and will be released from home custody to the United States pretty soon. And I just want to thank President Erdoğan. We dealt with that, and he was -- it was great.They released this prisoner, hostage -- whatever you want to call him. He's at home custody, in Turkey. He'll be released fairly soon, so that's good news. I guess, probably, you know about that. Other than that, I think things are going very well. The economy is doing fantastically well, beyond any expectation.Unemployment numbers are just about the best in the history of our country. Employment numbers are the best. We have close to 160 million people working today, which is more than we've ever had before. I'm going out to Colorado today to give the commencement address for the Air Force, which is actually very exciting for me. It's an amazing place.These are great people. So I look forward to doing that. Any questions?Well, I think it was the same as the report. There wasn't much change. It was, to me, the same as the report. And there's no obstruction. You see what we're saying. There's no obstruction, there's no collusion, there's no nothing. It's nothing but a witch hunt. This is a witch hunt by the media and the Democrats.They're partners. And it keeps going. I thought it was finished when the report was released, but it goes on. And, to me, it was the same, frankly, as the report. And he said, basically, it was the same as the report.I think he's totally conflicted. Because, as you know, he wanted to be the FBI Director, and I said no. As you know, I had a business dispute with him. After he left the FBI, we had a business dispute. Not a nice one. He wasn't happy with what I did, and I don't blame him. But I had to do it because that was the right thing to do. But I had a business dispute.And he loves Comey. You look at the relationship with those two. So whether it's love or deep like, but he was conflicted. Look, Robert Mueller should've never been chosen because he wanted the FBI job and he didn't get it. And the next day, he was picked as Special Counsel. So you tell somebody, "I'm sorry, you can't have the job." And then, after you say that, he's going to make a ruling on you?It doesn't work that way. Plus, we had a business dispute. Plus, his relationship with Comey was extraordinary. Now, one other thing I'll say: Why didn't he investigate Strzok, and Page, and McCabe, and Comey and all the lies, and Brennan and the lies, and Clapper and the lies to Congress, and all of the things that happened to start this investigation?Why didn't Comey come clean? Why didn't Comey come clean and say the things that he knows are fact? Why didn't Mueller investigate Comey, his best friend or his very good friend? And there are so many other things. Here's a question. This is a study of Russia. Why didn't they invest the insurance policy?In other words, should Hillary Clinton lose, we've got an insurance policy. Guess what? What we're in right now is the insurance policy.I think he is a total conflicted person. I think Mueller is a true Never Trumper. He's somebody that dislikes Donald Trump. He's somebody that didn't get a job that he requested that he wanted very badly, and then he was appointed. And despite that -- and despite $40 million, 18 Trump haters, including people that worked for Hillary Clinton and some of the worst human beings on Earth -- they got nothing.It's pretty amazing.No, Russia did not help me get elected.You know who got me elected? You know who got me elected? I got me elected. Russia didn't help me at all. Russia, if anything, I think, helped the other side. What you ought to ask is this: Do you think the media helped Hillary Clinton get elected? She didn't make it, but you take a look at collusion between Hillary Clinton and the media.You take a look at collusion between Hillary Clinton and Russia. She had more to do, in the campaign, with Russia than I did. I had nothing to do. And, by the way, that's one other thing. If you look, this was all about Russia, Russia, Russia. They don't talk about Russia anymore because it turned out to be a hoax.It was all a hoax. And then they say, "Gee, he fought back. Isn't that terrible? He fought back." Of course, I fight back. Because it was a false accusation -- a totally false accusation. And it's a disgrace. And it's a very -- it's a very sad period for this country. And I think, in the end, I will consider what's happening now to be one of my greatest achievements: exposing this corruption.I don't see how they can. Because they're possibly allowed, although I can't imagine the courts allowing it. I've never gone into it. I never thought that would even be possible to be using that word. To me, it's a dirty word -- the word "impeach." It's a dirty, filthy, disgusting word. And it had nothing to do with me. So I don't think so, because there was no crime.You know, it's "high crimes and…" not "with" or "or." It's "high crimes and misdemeanors." There was no high crime and there was no misdemeanor. So how do you impeach based on that? And it came out that there was nothing to do with Russia. The whole thing is a scam. It's one of -- it's a giant presidential harassment.And, honestly, I hope it goes down as one of my greatest achievements because I've exposed corruption -- I've exposed corruption like nobody knew existed.I think we're doing very well with China. Come here, I want to shake your hand. Come here. You've treated me fairly. Thank you. Thank you.Wait. Wait. I want to answer a real reporter's question. We're going to answer a real reporter's question, okay? China would love to make a deal with us. We had a deal, and they broke the deal. I think, if they had to do again, they wouldn't have done what they did. We're taking in billions of dollars in tariffs.China is subsidizing products. So the United States taxpayer is paying for very little of it. And if you look at inflation and if you look at pricing, it's gone up very little. The tariffs are having a devastating effect on China. People are fleeing the country with their companies. These companies are leaving for Vietnam, other parts of Asia, and they're even coming to the United States because then there's no tariff.I think we're doing very well with China. We'll see what happens. But I can tell you China very much wants to make a deal because the companies are leaving China to avoid the tariff. China is becoming a very weakened nation, just as Iran has become a very weakened nation. And Iran wants to make a deal also.Say it?Well, I may. Nigel Farage is a friend of mine. Boris is a friend of mine. They're two very good guys. Very interesting people. Nigel has had a big victory; he's picked up 32 percent of the vote, starting from nothing. And I think they're big powers over there. I think they've done a good job.Well, I like them. I mean, they're friends of mine, but I haven't thought about supporting them. Maybe it's not my business to support people. But I have a lot of respect for both of those men.Yeah, I don't know what happened. I wasn't involved. I would not have done that. I was very angry with John McCain because he killed healthcare. I was not a big fan of John McCain in any way, shape, or form. I think John McCain had a lot to getting President Bush -- a lot to do with it -- to go into the Middle East, which was a catastrophe.To me, John McCain -- I wasn't a fan. But I would never do a thing like that. Now, somebody did it because they thought I didn't like him, okay? And they were well meaning, I will say. I didn't know anything about it. I would never have done that.No, not at all. I heard sailors all went on. We had a tremendous group of sailors from various ships. It was a beautiful day. But the McCain thing, I knew nothing about.Well, I think I've been much tougher on elections than President Obama. President Obama was told, in 2016, just before the election in September, that Russia may try and interfere with the election. He did nothing. And the reason he did nothing is he thought Hillary was going to win. We are doing a lot, and we're trying to do paper ballots, as a back-up system, as much as possible.Because going to good, old-fashioned paper, in this modern age, is the best way to do it.Well, I think we want to have a relationship with Russia and China and everybody. And I've said that for a long time. Getting along with Russia, getting along with China is a good thing if we can do it on fair terms or our terms.Well, Venezuela -- we're just on watch. We'll see what happens. I'd love to see them work out their problems. I understand there are a lot of talks going on. But I'm all for the people of Venezuela. You know that probably better than anyone. Steve, go ahead.Well, it's too bad what happened in Israel. It looked like a total win for Netanyahu, who's a great guy. He's a great guy. And now they're back in the debate stage and they're back in the election stage. That is too bad, because they don't need this. I mean, they've got enough turmoil over there. It's a tough place.I feel very badly about that. It looks like they're talking, but more likely they'll have to go back into election mode. That's too bad.I believe that Russia would rather have Hillary Clinton as President of the United States than Donald Trump. The reason is: Nobody has been tougher on Russia than me. Whether it's our energy policy, which was not hers; whether it's the pipelines, as you know, in Europe, going all over the place that I've been bitterly complaining about; whether it's Ukraine; whether it's a whole host of things -- there has nobody ever been more tough or difficult for Russia than Donald Trump.Now, I have to tell you this: I put sanctions on Russia at a level that nobody has seen before. Nobody even wants to write about it. With all of that, I want to get along with Russia, and I want to get along with China, and I want to get along with Europe. I want to get along with everybody, if it's possible.I even want to get along with Iran, and Iran wants to talk. And if they want to talk, I'm available. Thank you.Well, we're going to be staying at Doonbeg, in Ireland because it's convenient and it's a great place. But it's convenient. We'll be meeting with a lot of the Irish officials, and it'll be an overnight stay. And I look forward to that.A lot of the things that you [Inaudible].Well, I can't because I didn't know anything about it. I don't know who did it. We'll probably be able to find out who did it. They thought they were doing me a favor because they know I am not a fan of John McCain. John McCain killed healthcare for the Republican Party and he killed healthcare for the nation.I disagree with John McCain on the way he handled the vets, because I said you got get to Choice. He was never able to get Choice. I got Choice. I disagreed with John McCain on the Middle East. He helped force Bush to make a very bad decision and go into the Middle East. So, I wasn't a fan of John McCain and I never will be. But certainly, I couldn't care less whether or not there's a boat named after his father.There were no charges. None. If you look at -- if you look at Bill Clinton, that very nice gentleman who's been so much on my side, as you know, his special prosecutor -- it was guilty, guilty, guilty, guilty, guilty. So many guiltys. With me, there was no guilty. Number one, there was no crime. And number two, I fought back.And I'll tell you --Wait. Wait. Wait. Wait. Well, here was no collusion. There was no collusion. Read volume one. There was no collusion.That means you're innocent. That means you're innocent.Excuse me -- then he should've said "you're guilty."That's wrong. That's wrong. No. Because he said it -- he said it differently the first time. So he said, essentially, "You're innocent." I'm innocent of all charges. And, you know, the thing that nobody brings up: There was no crime. They're saying "he's obstructing something" and there was no crime. And nobody brings it up. Also, someday, you ought to read a thing called Article 2. Read Article 2, which gives the President powers that you wouldn't believe.But I don't even have to rely on Article 2. There was no crime. There was no obstruction. There was no collusion. There was no nothing. And this is from a group of people that hate me. If they only found anything, they would've had it. And he knows that better than anybody.There was no crime, there was no charge because he had no information.Well, we're going to have a statement about it. And I'm also going to have, probably today, a major statement on the border. This is a big league statement. But we are going to do something very dramatic on the border, because people are coming into our country -- the Democrats will not give us laws. They will not change laws.They will not meet. They will not do anything. They want to have open borders. They want to have crime. They want to have drugs pouring into our country. They want to have human trafficking. I'm going to be making a statement probably tomorrow but maybe today.No, I'm not closing the border. I'm doing something else. We're going to be having a major statement on the border sometime later today or tomorrow.It will be a statement having to do with the border and having to do with people illegally coming over the border. And it will be my biggest statement, so far, on the border. We have brought something to the light of the people. They see now it's a national emergency, and most people agree. The Democrats agree too, but they won't give us the legislation you need to fix it. Right now, when you catch somebody, you have to release them.They won't give us the legislation. Whether it's chain migration or whether it's lottery, they won't give us any. And the asylum procedures are ridiculous. No place in the world has what we have in terms of ridiculous immigration laws. So I will be making a major statement -- I would say my biggest statement -- on the border, probably today or tomorrow. Thanks.Prime Minister Abe, the First Lady and I are profoundly honored to return to this very beautiful nation as Japan's first state guests following the enthronement of His Majesty the Emperor. On behalf of the United States, we want to thank the Imperial Family for this gracious invitation and warm welcome.It was really wonderful. Melania and I are thrilled to be back in the Land of the Rising Sun. It is a true privilege to take part in the splendor of this historic moment and to witness an ancient Japanese tradition as you begin the new Imperial Era. We look forward to seeing the new Emperor continue his father's extraordinary legacy.Yesterday, Melania and I were delighted to join you, Prime Minister, in attending a sumo tournament -- I've always wanted to see a sumo tournament; so true -- and they are bigger and stronger than I even thought -- at your very impressive and new national arena, where I presented the first-ever U.S. President's Cup to the Sumo Grand Champion.That was something. This morning, we participated in a magnificent welcome ceremony with Their Majesties the Emperor and Empress at the grand Imperial Palace. Japan's time-honored customs and exquisite culture fill us with a deep sense of admiration. I want to thank all of the people of Japan for welcoming us to this week and sharing your beloved heritage.It is truly an incredible heritage. This visit has also been a chance for Prime Minister Abe and me to strengthen our close friendship and the friendship between our two nations. The alliance between the United States and Japan is a cornerstone of stability and prosperity in the region and all around the world.The Prime Minister and I continue our close consultation in pursuit of peace and security on the Korean Peninsula. The essence of our approach is peace through strength. And this is a strong alliance indeed. The U.S.-Japan alliance is steadfast and ironclad. We want peace and we want stability. We continue to hope that Chairman Kim seizes the opportunity to transform his country through denuclearization.It is a country with tremendous economic and other potential. The United States also remains committed to the issue of abductions, which I know is a top priority for Prime Minister Abe. Earlier today, I met for the second time with a group of Japanese families, who have suffered the unthinkable heartbreak of having their loved ones abducted by North Korea.The United States will continue to support Japan's efforts to bring these abductees home. Our nations are also cooperating on a number of other vital security issues. The United States supports Japan's efforts to improve its defense capabilities, and in recent months, we have greatly expedited the sale of large amounts of defense equipment to Japan, made in the United States.We make the best equipment in the world. In 2018, Japan was one of the world's top purchasers of American defense equipment, and it has just announced its intent to purchase 105 brand new F-35 stealth aircraft. Stealth because, the fact is, you can't see them. This purchase would give Japan the largest F-35 fleet of any U.S. ally.America and Japan's close security ties are grounded in shared values. Our armed forces train and serve together all around the world. Tomorrow, I will visit American troops stationed alongside the Japanese Self-Defense Forces right here in Japan. On behalf of all Americans, I want to thank the Japanese people for graciously hosting our service members and military families.The United States and Japan are also working to improve our economic relationship based on the principles of fairness and reciprocity. We are currently negotiating a bilateral trade agreement that would benefit both of our economies. Our goal is to reduce our trade deficit with Japan, remove trade barriers, and barriers of all kinds, so that U.S. exports will really have a fair and very profound footing.Just over one week ago, U.S. beef gained full access to Japanese markets for the first time since 2003. We hope to have even more to announce on the trade very, very soon. And, finally, today, I am pleased to confirm that Prime Minister Abe and I have agreed to dramatically expand our nations' cooperation in human space exploration.Japan will join our mission to send U.S. astronauts to space. We'll be going to the moon. We'll be going to Mars very soon. It's very exciting. And from a military standpoint, there is nothing more important right now than space. This is an exciting starting point for greater collaboration on many other things.Mr. Prime Minister, our visit this week is a moving reminder of the strength of the U.S.-Japan alliance and the deep friendship between our people. It is a profound honor to be in Japan at this important moment in your nation's history. For this new Imperial Era, your nation has chosen the name "Reiwa," meaning "beautiful harmony." America shares this wonderful aspiration for the future, and I look forward to continuing our tremendous partnership as we work together to bring this noble vision to life.Thank you very much. Thank you.Well, first of all, let me say that I think that Kim Jong Un, or Chairman Kim, as some people say, is looking to create a nation that has great strength economically. I think he's very much -- I talk to him a lot about it, and he's very much into the fact that -- he believes, like I do, that North Korea has tremendous economic potential like perhaps few other developing nations anywhere in the world.And I think that he is looking to develop that way. He knows that, with nuclear, that's never going to happen. Only bad can happen. He understands that. He is a very smart man. He gets it well. So I think that he is -- he is going to try, at some point. I'm in no rush at all. The sanctions remain. We have our hostages back.We, as you know, are getting the remains -- continuing to get the remains. A lot of good things are happening. And, very importantly, there's been no nuclear testing for two years. I looked at a chart the other day. During the past administration, there were many numbers that were very high, like 10 and 12 and 18, having to do with missile launches and nuclear testing.And for the last two years, on the bottom, it had zero and zero. So, I am very happy with the way it's going. And intelligent people agree with me.No, I'm not. I am personally not.Well, there's never been a President more transparent. The Mueller report came out: no obstruction, no collusion. No nothing. It's a beautiful report. The Democrats cannot understand what happened. They really thought they had some people on their side, because, as you know, the people doing the investigation were 18 extremely angry Democrats, many of whom worked for Hillary Clinton and supported Hillary Clinton.And Bob Mueller, I guess you could say, he wasn't a friend of mine, but he did something that was really the right thing to do. They were very disappointed. They can't get over the fact that I never spoke to Russia, never dealt with Russia, having to do with the subject we're talking about. And I will say this: That without question, we have done a job like few Presidents have done.The only thing you can say about me, that some people may not like, is that I've created one of the greatest economies anywhere in the world. In fact, when I first met with, yesterday -- with Prime Minister Abe, the first thing he did was congratulate me on the incredible economy that we have in the United States.So, I think that we will work with them. We have a USMCA. We have a deal with Canada and Mexico that everybody wants, I think. It's all done. And I think they probably want to be doing that. As you know, Ambassador Lighthizer is here, right now. That's a deal that's gotten universal praise. Unions love it. Farmers love it. Manufacturers love it. You won't have companies leaving and going to Mexico and going to Canada and going like they were for many, many years.It's a great deal. I would imagine that Nancy Pelosi will approve that. I would think it would be very hard not to, but we'll see. But certainly, as things get approved I would love to sign them. It's only good for our country. I'm only interested in what's good for our country. It's very important. Thank you very much.I want to hear this answer too. [Laughter]That's about four. [Laughter] I think probably that's enough.I think your compatriots will not be happy with another question. All right?Thank you very much.I wanted to add, though, that -- very importantly -- I have nothing to do with TPP. Okay? Nothing to do. I'm not bound by anything that anybody else signs with respect to the United States. TPP would've destroyed our automobile industry and many of our manufacturers. We are not involved in TPP. So what other countries agreed to is not binding at all on the United States.As far as China is concerned, they want to make a deal. I think they probably wish they made the deal that they had on the table before they tried to renegotiate it. They would like to make a deal. We're not ready to make a deal. And we're taking in tens of billions of dollars of tariffs, and that number could go up very, very substantially, very easily.But I think, sometime in the future, China and the United States will absolutely have a great trade deal. And we look forward to that. Okay? Thank you.First of all, getting to the G20, I think that we are very much discussing different things with Japan. We have an unbelievably large imbalance -- as you know, trade imbalance -- which has been there for many, many years; Japan having the big advantage. They are brilliant businesspeople, brilliant negotiators, and put us in a very tough spot.But I think we will have a deal with Japan. Likewise, I think we will have a deal with China sometime into the future. Many companies are leaving China right now because of the tariffs. China is subsidizing a lot of industry because -- you know, foolishly, some people said that the American taxpayer is paying the tariffs of China.No, no, no -- it's not that way. They're paying a small percentage, but our country is taking in billions and billions of dollars. Our farmers -- out of all of that money, the tens of billions of dollars -- we're giving a relatively small percentage to our farmers, who have really been a focal point of what's gone on with trade.As you know, they've earmarked and they've gone after the farmer, thinking that if they hurt the farmer, I'm going to negotiate a bad deal for the rest of the country. I'll tell you, the American farmer -- these are patriots. These are great patriots. They don't want subsidy. We've had meetings -- and I've had meetings with 32, 35, 40 farmers at one time, numerous times.And they don't want subsidy. I've told that to you before, Jeff. They want a level playing field. That's all they want, because they're better than anybody in the world. And they've told me. I said, "You know, I'm going to get you subsidy while China takes advantage of us and China takes advantage of you, by pinpointing you." They say, "We don't want subsidies, sir.All we want is a laying play- -- really, a level playing field." The American farmer -- these are great patriots. They are unbelievable people. And they're with me, 100 percent. I believe that we will have a very good deal with China sometime into the future, because I don't believe that China can continue to pay these, really, hundreds of billions of dollars in tariffs.I don't believe they can do that. You know, businesses are leaving China by the hundreds, by the thousands -- going into areas that are non-tariffed, including the United States, by the way. But they're going to different parts of Asia -- Vietnam; frankly, Japan. But they're going to a lot of places, but they're also coming to the United States because people don't want to pay the tariff.And if you look, there is no tariff to pay. All you have to do is move your company to the United States. There is no 25 percent tariff. But with all of that being said, I think that there's a very good chance that the United States and China will have a very good trade deal.Well, Kim Jong Un made a statement that Joe Biden is a low-IQ individual. He probably is, based on his record. I think I agree with him on that. But, at the same time, my people think it could have been a violation, as you know. I view it differently. I view it as a man -- perhaps he wants to get attention, and perhaps not.Who knows? It doesn't matter. All I know is that there have been no nuclear tests. There have been no ballistic missiles going out. There have been no long-range missiles going out. And I think that someday we'll have a deal. I'm not in a rush. Tremendous sanctions being put on the country of North Korea.And, again, Kim Jong Un understands the unbelievable economic potential that country has. It's located between Russia and China, on one side, and South Korea on the other. And it's all waterfront property. It's a great location, as we used to say in the real estate business. And I think he sees that.And I have to tell you -- one other country -- I really believe that Iran would like to make a deal. And I think that's very smart of them. And I think that's a possibility to happen also.Well, when I look at what's been done by our Vice President and the President, when I look at the horrible Iran deal that they made -- look what happened since I terminated the Iran deal. Look what has happened to Iran. Iran, when I first came into office, was a terror. They were fighting in many locations all over the Middle East.They were behind every single major attack, whether it was Syria, whether it was Yemen, whether it was individual smaller areas, whether it was taking away oil from people. They were involved with everything. Now they're pulling back because they're got serious economic problems. We have massive -- as you know, massive sanctions and other things.I mean, we just said the other day: steel, copper, different elements of what they used to sell. The oil is essentially dried up. And I'm not looking to hurt Iran at all. I'm looking to have Iran say, "No nuclear weapons." We have enough problems in this world right now with nuclear weapons. No nuclear weapons for Iran.And I think we'll make a deal. I think Iran -- again, I think Iran has tremendous economic potential. And I look forward to letting them get back to the stage where they can show that. I think Iran -- I know so many people from Iran. These are great people. It has a chance to be a great country, with the same leadership.We're not looking for regime change. I just want to make that clear. We're looking for no nuclear weapons. If you look at the deal that Biden and President Obama signed, they would have access -- free access -- to nuclear weapons, where they wouldn't even be in violation, in just a very short period of time.What kind of a deal is that? So we can't have that. Plus, there were many other things they did that were very bad. So I don't take sides as to who I'm in favor or who I'm not, but I can tell you that Joe Biden was a disaster. His administration, with President Obama, they were basically a disaster when it came to so many things, whether it was economy, whether it was military, defense.No matter what it was, they had a lot problems. So, I'm not a fan.So everything that they need is declassified, and they'll be able to see how this hoax -- how the hoax or witch hunt started and why it started. It was a -- an attempted coup or an attempted takedown of the President of the United States. It should never, ever happen to anybody else. So it's very important.Now, people have been asking me to declassify for a long period of time. I've decided to do it. And you're going to learn a lot. I hope it's going to be nice, but perhaps it won't be.We want to have protection. The Middle East -- we're going to be sending a relatively small number of troops, mostly protective. And some very talented people are going to the Middle East right now, and we'll see how -- and we'll see what happens.It'll be about 1,500 people.Sure, that's possible. But I do believe you can't go down two tracks. Because if you look at judiciary, if you look at what's going on, all they talk about in the House is this. I'd like to talk about lowering drug prices, which I've done better than any President ever. We had a year -- this year, as you know, drug prices went down, first time in 51 years.I'd like to talk about it because, with Congress, I can get prices down 40 and 50 percent. But I can't do that when all they do is want to try and do a redo of the Mueller report. They were very unhappy with the Mueller report. They want to do a redo of the Mueller report. It's over. There is no redo. They lost.It's very clear: There was no collusion. There was no obstruction. So there's no redo. Yeah.We're going to see. We'll see.I feel badly for Theresa. I like her very much. She's a good woman. She worked very hard. She's very strong. She decided to do something that some people were surprised at, some people weren't. It's for the good of her country. But I like her very much. In fact, I'll be seeing her in two weeks. David?We're looking at a lot of different pardons for a lot of different people. Some of these soldiers are people that have fought hard, long. You know, we teach them how to be great fighters, and then when they fight, sometimes they get, really, treated very unfairly. So we're going to take a look at it. I haven't done anything yet.I haven't made any decisions. There's two or three of them right now. It's a little bit controversial. It's very possible that I'll let the trials go on and I'll make my decision after the trial.I with him a lot of luck.I may very well talk to her about that, yeah. There's word and rumor that the FBI and others were involved, CIA were involved, with the UK, having to do with the Russian hoax. And I may very well talk to her about that, yes.Well, I don't know about the videos. I can tell you that what I'm here is to help the country. That's why I did this. Our country is doing unbelievably well. We have the best economy we've probably ever had. We have the best job numbers we've ever had. We have the best unemployment numbers we've ever had.With all of the things happening, that's what I'm all about. I don't think they can go down two tracks. I want to get drug prices down. I want to get things like -- if you look at infrastructure and others, I want to get a lot of things done. I don't think it's cap- -- I don't think they're capable of going down two tracks.I think they can only do one thing or the other. So let them finish the one. What I don't think is right is you do a redo. They were very un -- they're very unhappy with the Mueller report. No collusion, no obstruction. No nothing. They're very unhappy. They're angry about it. They have to get over their anger.They have to get over --Wait a minute. They have to get over their anger, and they have to get into infrastructure, drug prices, and things like that. Because they want to do a redo. Like even the fact that they're asking Bob Mueller to come and testify. He just gave them a 434-page report, which says no collusion, which leads to absolutely no obstruction.He just gave that report. Why does he have to testify? It's ridiculous. They ought to get on to drug prices, lowering them. We can cut them by 50 or 60 percent. The one thing I'm very proud of also, on drug prices -- I brought it down; first time in 51 years that drug prices went down. But if I could work with Congress, we could cut 50 percent and more off drug prices.I can work with the Speaker. Sure. I can work with the Speaker. I can absolutely work.Excuse me, this just shows how fake you and the news are. When you say a "personal attack," did you hear what she said about me long before I went after her? Did you hear? She made horrible statements. She knows they're not true. She said terrible things. So I just responded in kind. Look, you think Nancy is the same as she was?She's not. Maybe we can all say that.But I think -- frankly, I think right now we are -- I'm only speaking for myself. I want to do what's good for the country. I think Nancy Pelosi is not helping this country. I think the Democrats are obstructionists. They're hurting our country very, very badly. We can pass so many different bills right now, but all they want to do is investigate because they failed with Robert Mueller and the Mueller report.They want to try and get a do-over of the Mueller report. It doesn't work that way. And just so you know, I was the most transparent -- and am -- transparent President in history. We gave 500 witnesses. I allowed attorneys to testify in front of Bob Mueller. Two thousand five hundred subpoenas. One million four hundred thousand pages of doc- -- we gave it. I didn't have to give any of it. We gave it. And then we get a great result, and they say, "Oh, this is terrible.Let's do it over again." You can't do it. Our country doesn't have that kind of time.Well, we're going to see. I gave -- as you know, I declassified, I guess, potentially, millions of pages of documents. I don't know what it is. I have no idea. But I want to be transparent. Everybody wanted me to declassify. I've done it. And you can almost say he's the trustee. He's a highly respected man.Our Attorney General is in charge. Let's see what he finds. But we have -- we have documents now that I have declassified for the purpose of the Attorney General. He can then show them to the public, do whatever he wants to do with them. But you have to get down to what happened. Because what happened is a tremendous blight on our country.What happened -- the investigation -- they tried to do a takedown, and you can't do that. And let me just tell you: This should never, ever happen to another President again.Well, I think it's going to be very good in the Middle East. Iran has been a -- as you know, they stage terror all over the world. They're a much different country now than when I first got here. When I first got here, they were at 14 different locations, fighting. Right now, they don't -- I don't think Iran wants to fight.And I certainly don't think they want to fight with us. But they cannot have nuclear weapons. And under the Obama horrible agreement, they would've had nuclear weapons within five or six years. They can't have nuclear weapons, and they understand that.The question is so false and so phony. The Attorney General --Let me just explain -- let me explain to you something. The Attorney General is one of the most respected people in this country and he has been for a long period of time. He is going to look at a lot of documents. Some he might find interesting; maybe he'll find none interesting. But for over a year, people have asked me to declassify.So what I've done is I've declassified everything. He can look. And I hope he looks at the UK, and I hope he looks at Australia, and I hope he looks at Ukraine. I hope he looks at everything, because there was a hoax that was perpetrated on our country. It's the greatest hoax --Excuse me. Excuse me. It's the greatest hoax, probably, in the history of our country. And somebody has to get to the bottom of it. We'll see. But for a long period of time, they've wanted me to declassify and I did.This is about finding out what happened. I won an election. I won it easily -- 306 to 223. I won it pretty easily. And I'll tell you what: This is all about what happened and when did it happen. Because this was an attempted takedown of the President of the United States, and we have to find out. Why did somebody write a text message -- the two lovers -- that if she loses, we have an insurance policy?An insurance policy to take down the President. We're going to find out what happened and why it happened. Let me just tell you --It's not payback. I don't care about payback. I think it's very important for our country to find out what happened.I don't know. My poll numbers are very good. You don't like to report them, but my polls -- I guess we have a 48 today. We have a 51. We have very good poll numbers, considering. Now, I have to tell you, if you people would give straight news, I'd be at 70. I'd be maybe at 75. But you don't give straight news; you give fake news.With fake news, I'm still winning the election. But if you gave serious, good news the way you're supposed to, I'd probably be at 70 or 75 based on the economy alone. Go ahead.Go ahead.I wish -- I just spoke to Prime Minister Modi, and I gave him my warmest regards and congratulations. I just spoke to Prime Minister Modi minutes ago, and I just conveyed congratulations on behalf of our country, myself, and everybody. He had a great election win. He's a friend of mine. We have a very good relationship with India.No, I just want somebody that's going to be fair. And I think William Barr is the most respected man -- one of the most respected men doing what he does in our whole country. I just want him to be fair. I don't want him to be for me or for anybody else. I just want him to be fair, and that's what he is. And we're going to find out what this yields.But I will tell you, declassifying -- people have wanted me to do it for a long time. I think it was very important to do. And, basically, what are we doing? We're exposing everything. We're being a word that you like: "transparent." We're being -- ultimately, we're being transparent, and that's what it's about.Again -- again, this should never, ever happen in our country again. Thank you very much.[Inaudible] in a protective capacity. Very, very talented people.What?I'll do whatever I have to do for our great farmers. Our great farmers are [Inaudible].Okay, so I'm heading to the great state of Pennsylvania, and we're going to have a rally. A lot of people are outside, as you probably know. Many, many people. And it's going to be a packed house, as it always is. I don't know if you've ever seen a vacancy for Trump, but I don't think so. We're going to have a good time.I don't know who's coming, but I hope you come. It'll be a lot of fun.Well, as I understand it, they're doing that for the Office of the Presidency, for future Presidents. I think it's a very important precedent. And the attorneys say that they're not doing that for me; they're doing that for the Office of the President. So we're talking about the future. Yes, go ahead.Well, we disagree with that ruling. It's crazy -- because you look at it; this never happened to any other President. They're trying to get a redo. They're trying to get what we used to call in school: a deal -- a "do-over." And if you look, you know, we had no collusion, we had no obstruction. We had no nothing.The Democrats were very upset with the Mueller report, as perhaps they should be. But, I mean, the country is very happy about it because there was never anything like that. And they're trying to get a redo, or a do-over, and you can't do that. As far as the financials are concerned, we think it's the wrong -- it's totally the wrong decision by, obviously, an Obama-appointed judge.He was a recent Obama-appointed judge.Well, I've known him, and he's been against Trump from the beginning. He probably wants to run for some other office. I don't think he'll do very well. He's been a loser for a long time. Rarely votes for Republicans. And, you know, personally, I think he's not much.I think we've been the most --Yeah, I think we've been the most transparent administration in the history of our country. We just went through two years of Bob Mueller, with 18 people that hated Donald Trump. They were "Angry Democrats," as I called them. We've been through it for two years, and they spent almost $40 million on it. We had, I think, 500 people testified.We had 1.4 or 1.5 million documents. At the end of all of that, he said there's no collusion. Now what happens is the Democrats want a re-do, and we've had enough, and the country has had enough. There has never been, ever before, an administration that's been so open and transparent. So we want to get on. What we want to do is get on with running the country.Well, I put out my position on the -- on abortion. You've known it for a long time. But I put it out the other day. You have it. I feel strongly about it. And all of that is working its way through court, along with the fact that the Democrats are talking about third term and they're really talking about beyond third term, and that's a terrible thing.So, with Iran, we'll see what happens. But they've been very hostile. They've truly been the number-one provocateur of terror in this country and in the -- you know, representing their country. But certainly, our country has been very much involved because we're trying to help a lot of people out. And I don't mind that at all.We have no indication that anything has happened or will happen. But if it does, it will be met, obviously, with great force. We'll have no choice.Say it?We have not -- we've not talked about it. We'll see what happens. If they called, we would certainly negotiate. But that's going to be up to them. I'd only want them to call if they're ready. If they're not ready, they don't have to bother.Well, we'll see what happens. But right now, we have very strong sanctions. We'll see what happens.I don't know. I think we're doing very well in Pennsylvania. We won it last time. The polls had us losing Pennsylvania last time, and we won. And I expect we'll win it this time because the coal industry, the steel industry, the car industry -- they're all doing incredibly well. Pennsylvania now has the best employment they've ever had -- the best employment record.More people working in Pennsylvania now than ever before, like, in our country. So I think we'll do very well in Pennsylvania.Yeah. They'll appeal it.They'll appeal it. Sure, they'll appeal it.Well, I know this: that if you look at the border, and if you look at the fact that the Democrats are really making it very, very dangerous for people by not approving simple, quick, 15-minute legislation, we could have it all worked out. It'd be great for people, great for lives, great for safety. And the border is a dangerous place.It's only made that way because the Democrats will not approve any legislation. I mean, they don't want to approve anything. And it's making the border very dangerous.Well, we're working very hard. And I'll tell you, the Border Patrol people and all of law enforcement is working very hard. I mean, unfortunately, many of them have become doctors and nurses, and they're taking people that are very, very sick from a long trek up -- 2,000 miles -- and they're doing an incredible job.Honestly, what should happen is the Democrats should sit down and make changes so that we can protect people on the border.Say it again?There are no talks going on with Iran.I think Iran would be making a very big mistake if they did anything. If they do something, it'll be met with great force. But we have no indication that they will. Okay?So, I've given more money to Puerto Rico than, I believe, any President ever. They've gotten $91 billion for the hurricane. Not only that; our military, our law enforcement, and FEMA has done a great job for Puerto Rico. And I think the people of Puerto Rico are very thankful. We'll see you in Pennsylvania.I hope not.So, the economy is doing very well by every measure. We're having probably the greatest economy that we've had anywhere, anytime, in the history of our country. We're having a little squabble with China because we've been treated very unfairly for many, many decades -- for, actually, a long time. And it should have been handled a long time ago, and it wasn't. And we'll handle it now.I think it's going to be -- I think it's going to turn out extremely well. We're at a very strong position. We are the piggy bank that everybody likes to take advantage of, or take from. And we can't let that happen anymore. We've been losing, for many years, anywhere from $300 billion to $500 billion a year with China and trade with China.We can't let that happen. The relationship I have with President Xi is extraordinary. It's, really, very good. But he's for China and I'm for the USA, and it's very simple. We are, again, in a very, very strong position. They want to make a deal. It could absolutely happen. But, in the meantime, a lot of money is being made by the United States, and a lot of strength is being shown.This has never happened to China before. Our economy is fantastic; theirs is not so good. We've gone up trillions and trillions of dollars since the election; they've gone way down since my election. So, that's the way it is. That's the way it stands. We're going to do very well. Yeah.Well, you never can say that, but we're doing very well. We're doing -- I think we probably have the greatest economy that we've ever had. The employment numbers came out. As you know, they're record levels in almost every category: African American -- the best in history, if you take a look; Hispanic American, the best in history.Yesterday, Asian American numbers came in; they are the lowest in history -- the history of our country. Women -- I think in 61 years, and soon that will be historic, too. So that we are doing -- and as far as employment numbers, we have the most people working today in the United States than we've ever had before.Almost 160 million people. So it's really good.You got a machine over there.No, I wouldn't. We have a very good dialogue. We have a dialogue going. It'll always continue. But we made a deal with China. It was a deal that was a very good deal. It had to be a good deal; otherwise, we're not making it. Because we've been down so low in trade -- and other Presidents should've done this a long time ago -- we can't just make a new deal.And I told that to President Xi. But we had a deal that was very close, and then they broke it. They really did. I mean, more than just -- more than renegotiate, they really broke it. So we can't have that happen.No, I didn't ask him to do that.I didn't know it. I didn't know it. But I think it's a great thing that he did it. I saw it last night. And they want to look at how that whole hoax got started. It was a hoax. And even Mueller -- not a friend of mine -- even Bob Mueller came out: "No collusion." And he had 18 people that didn't like Donald Trump.They were Hillary Clinton fans. They contributed, many of them, to Hillary Clinton. They came out. It was the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on the people of this country. And you know what? I am so proud of our Attorney General, that he is looking into it. I think it's great. I did not know about it. No.No, no, no. I wasn't surprised. But you have to understand they do $600 billion, meaning we buy $600 billion and they buy $100 billion. We have all the advantage. It's a very small factor for us. And we have a much bigger economy now. You know, since my election, we've gone up so much. We have a much bigger economy than China.But if you take a look, $600 million versus $100 million. It's a different world.We're looking at that very strongly. About the $325 billion -- we're looking at it very strongly. David.I don't know anything about that. I read that. It's probably fake news. But I read that this morning. I don't know anything about it.Well, you know, it's really a tough situation because my son spent, I guess, over 20 hours testifying about something that Mueller said was 100 percent okay. And now they want him to testify again. I don't know why. I have no idea why, but it seems very unfair to me.I think it's fake news, okay? Now, would I do that? Absolutely. But we have not planned for that. Hopefully we're not going to have to plan for that. And if we did that, we'd send a hell of a lot more troops than that. But I think it's just -- where was that story? In the New York Times? Well, the New York Times is fake news.Go ahead.Yeah. So you have no tariff to pay whatsoever if you're a business. All you have to do is build or make your product in the United States. There's no tariff whatsoever. So that really works out very well.I think we're winning it. We're going to be collecting over $100 billion in tariffs. Our people, if they want, they can buy from someplace else, other than China. Or they can -- really, the ideal is make their product in the USA. That's what I really want. Yeah, we're winning it. You know what? You want to know something? You want to know something? We always win. We always win. How are you, Emerald?Good. What's up?Well, I didn't understand his answer because I thought the Attorney General answered it perfectly. So I certainly didn't understand that answer. I thought it was a ridiculous answer. Thank you.I do. My deepest sympathies go to the people that were affected -- the families, their loved ones -- by the, obviously – looks right now, based on my last conversations -– looks like a hate crime. Hard to believe. Hard to believe, with respect to the synagogue in California near San Diego, and we're doing some very heavy research.We'll see what happens, what comes up. At this moment, it looks like a hate crime. But my deepest sympathies to all of those affected. And we'll get to the bottom of it. It looks like the person was apprehended. No more danger, and law enforcement has done a fantastic job. Fantastic job. I'm headed out to Wisconsin right now.We have a lot of people, and they've been lined up for a day already, and I look forward to that. I just left, as you probably know, I just left with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. We had great talks. This morning, we played a very fast round of golf, we had a meeting afterwards, and it looks like it's doing well Our trade deal, our relationship, our military ties -- Japan has agreed to buy a tremendous amount of military equipment, I mean they're buying the best you can buy.We make the best, and they're buying the best. Our trade relationship with Japan is very good. There's been some weaknesses there, for many years, and we're getting those weaknesses straightened out. And again, my deepest sympathies to the people, the families, everybody affected by the shooting at the synagogue in California. Thank you very much.So, I'm not allowed to comment on the new GDP numbers until about 10 or 15 minutes from now. So, I will not comment on them. The country is always doing very well in every respect. I mean, we're just doing well. We're knocking it out of the park, as they say. And we're very happy about that. We did not pay money for our great Otto.There was no money paid. That was a fake news report that money was paid. I haven't paid money for any hostage. And I've gotten approximately -- I think it's 20 or 21 out. We don't pay money for hostages. The Otto case was a very unusual case. But I just want to let you know no money was paid for Otto.I never told Don McGahn to fire Mueller. If I wanted to fire Mueller, I would have done it myself. It's very simple. I had the right to. And frankly, whether I did or he did, we had the absolute right to fire Mueller. In the meantime, I didn't do it. I'm a student of history. I see what you get when you fire people, and it's not good.But there would have been nothing wrong with firing him. Legally, I had absolute right to fire, but I never told Don McGahn to fire Mueller. And, by the way -- and Mueller finished out his report: no collusion and no obstruction.I think we beat him easily.Speak. Up, up. You got a heli- --Oh. They have to get the shot. The vaccinations are so important. This is really going around now. They have to get their shot.Well, I think that -- I just feel like a young man. I'm so young. I can't believe it. I'm the youngest person. I am a young, vibrant man. I look at Joe -- I don't know about him. I don't know.I would never say anyone is too old, but I know they're all making me look very young, both in terms of age and I think in terms of energy. I think you people know that better than anybody. Yeah.Oh, I've answered that question. And if you look at what I said, you will see that that question was answered perfectly. And I was talking about people that went because they felt very strongly about the monument to Robert E. Lee, a great general. Whether you like it or not, he was one of the great generals.I have spoken to many generals here, right at the White House, and many people thought -- of the generals, they think that he was maybe their favorite general. People were there protesting the taking down of the monument of Robert E. Lee. Everybody knows that.I think we're doing very well with North Korea. A lot of progress is being made. I appreciated President Putin's statement yesterday. He wants to see it done, also. I think there's a lot of excitement toward getting a deal done with North Korea. In the meantime, when I came here, there were nuclear tests, missile tests, rocket tests.We got our hostages back. We got remains back, and continue to come back from the war. Our great heroes -- the remains. There's been no tests. There's been no nothing. So, at some point, you're going to report the facts. I have a great relationship with Kim Jong Un. I appreciate that Russia and China is helping us. And China is helping us because I think they want to. They don't need nuclear weapons right next to their country.But I also think they're helping us because of the fact that we're in a trade deal, which, by the way, is going very well.What we're doing is executive --So what we're doing -- in the history of our country, there has never been a President that's been more transparent than me or the Trump administration. I let White House Counsel McGahn testify. I let everybody testify. I think McGahn --Excuse me. I think McGahn was in there for 30 hours. Who ever heard of such a thing? But I said I want everybody to testify. Obviously, McGahn thought he testified fine because he was with the administration for a long time after that. And I think he said he was just joining up with respect to the appointment of judges by the administration.But I let everybody testify. There has never, ever been transparency like this. So, just so you understand -- so we got a great --Excuse me. We get the ruling, which I knew we were going to get because I have nothing to do with Russia and the campaign. So we get a ruling: no collusion. We essentially get a ruling -- no obstruction -- based on the fact our great Attorney General made an immediate decision there was no obstruction. So, we have no collusion, no obstruction.We had total transparency. We gave 1.4 million documents, if you can believe such a ridiculous thing. Five hundred people testified. We had 18 people that were Trump haters; that includes Mr. Mueller. He was a Trump hater.And wait a minute. Wait, wait. Wait. With all of this -- with all of this transparency, we finished "no collusion, no obstruction." Right? Then I get out, the first the day they're saying, "Let's do it again." And I said, "That's enough." We got to -- we have to run a country. We have a very great country to run.And, frankly, when I go through it with the House and the Senate and we have no collusion, no collusion, no obstruction, no obstruction. Then we have -- again we have to go through it? This is a pure political witch hunt. We did nothing wrong. And the only thing I did is make our country stronger, give it the numbers like people haven't seen before.What we're doing in this country, financially, with the military, with our veterans -- if you look at veterans, we now have Veterans Choice. Nobody has ever done what I've done in their first two years. So, if I'm guilty of anything, it's that I've been a great President and the Democrats don't like it, which is a shame.I'm going to Indianapolis. We're going to the NRA, and we look forward to it.I would say "easily."So the stock market and our country, from an economic standpoint, is doing the best probably it's ever done. We're hitting new highs again. We've hit new highs, I guess close to, or over 100 times since I'm President -- from the time of the election. Unemployment numbers are the best they've ever been by far.We have almost 160 million people working today in the United States. That's more than we've ever had working in our country before. We're doing well on trade. We're doing well with China. Things are going good. I'm bringing the First Lady right now. She's worked very hard on the opioid crisis. We're down about 17 percent from last year, which is pretty amazing.We're down 17 percent with the opioid problem. It's a big problem. It's a big addiction and we're handling it. The doctors are working with us. The labs are working. The clinics are working. The pharmaceutical companies are working with us. And we've made a tremendous amount of progress. John. Go ahead.Well, the subpoena is ridiculous. We have been -- I have been the most transparent President and administration in the history of our country by far. We just went through the Mueller witch hunt, where you had, really, 18 angry Democrats that hate President Trump. They hate him with a passion. They were contributors, in many cases, to Hillary Clinton.Hate him with a passion. How they picked this panel, I don't know. And they came up with no collusion and they actually also came up with no obstruction. But our Attorney General ruled, based on the information, there was no obstruction. So you have no collusion, no obstruction. Now we're finished with it. And I thought, after two years, we'd be finished with it. No. Now the House goes and starts subpoenaing.They want to know every deal I've ever done. Now, Mueller, I assume, for $35 million, checked my taxes, checked my financials -- which are great, by the way. You know they're great. All you have to do is go look at the records; they're all over the place. But they checked my financials and they checked my taxes, I assume.It was the most thorough investigation probably in the history of our country -- I think I read -- where they interviewed 500 people. I say it's enough. Get back to infrastructure. Get back to cutting taxes. Get back to lowering drug prices. That's what -- really, that's what we should be doing.Well, we're fighting all the subpoenas. Look, these aren't like impartial people. The Democrats are trying to win 2020. They're not going to win with the people that I see. And they're not going to win against me. The only way they can maybe luck out -- and I don't think that's going to happen. It might make it even the opposite.That's what a lot of people are saying. The only way they can luck out is by constantly going after me on nonsense. But they should be really focused on legislation, not the things that have been -- this has been litigated -- just so you understand, this has been litigated for the last two years, almost since I got into office.Now, if you want to litigate, go after the DNC, Crooked Hillary, the dirty cops -- all of these things. That's what should be litigated because that was a rigged system. And I'm breaking down -- I am breaking down the swamp.If you look at what's happening, they're getting caught. They're getting fired. Who knows what's going to happen from now on, but I hope it's -- I hope it's very strong. But if you look at "drain the swamp," I am draining the swamp. Thank you very much. Thank you.The economy is doing very, very well. We have numbers coming from companies that are beyond expectation. The tax cuts are working very, very well. So we're very proud of the economy. Job numbers are as good as we've ever had, and more people are working right now than ever worked in our country before.We're doing really well. I'd like to congratulate Bibi Netanyahu. It looks like that race has been won by him. It may be a little early, but I'm hearing he's won it and won it in good fashion. So, he's been a great ally and he's a friend. I'd like to congratulate him. That was a well fought-out race, I can tell you.But it looks like Bibi has won that race. Go ahead, Steve.Say it?So, the fact that Bibi won, I think we'll see some pretty good action in terms of peace. Look, everyone said -- and I never made it a promise -- but everybody said you can't have peace in the Middle East with Israel and the Palestinians. I think we have a chance. And I think we have, now, a better chance with Bibi having won.Yes, please. Major.Hold it. Major.No, there is no law. As you know, I got elected last time with this same issue. And while I'm under audit, I won't do it. If I'm not under audit, I would do it. I had no problem with it. But while I'm under audit, I would not give my taxes. There's no law whatsoever. Now, I will say this: I would love to give them, but I'm not going to do it while I'm under audit.It's very simple. Remember, I got elected last time -- the same exact issue, with same intensity, which wasn't very much because, frankly, the people don't care. What I have done is approximately a 104-page summary -- and, really, in great detail -- of assets and values. And nobody wants to go over that because it's so good.I built a great company, one of the best companies. I have some of the greatest assets in the world. I did a good job. And now, frankly, I don't care about them; I only care about the United States. But I have no obligation to do that while I'm under audit. And no lawyer would tell you to release your tax returns while you're under audit.I think that the whole asylum rules, laws, and regulations have been taken advantage of by people that are very bad people, in many cases. These are the people running the cartels. They're gaming the system; they have been for years. The only difference is our economy is now so strong that more people come up. We have done a great job at the border with bad laws.It's very important that the Democrats in Congress change these loopholes. If they don't change them, we're just going to be fighting. Now, the other thing: We've built a lot of wall. A lot of wall. And it's new wall. You know, when we rip down an old wall and then replace it, it's called a "new wall." And that's what we've done.A lot of wall is going up. And every place we build the wall, it's less and less. But the power of the economy, it's like a magnet; it's bringing more people than we've seen in a long time. Major.Well, the Mueller Report is interesting. After $35 million, with 13 -- increased to 18 -- angry Democrats -- people that truly hated Donald Trump, truly hated Trump -- they found no collusion whatsoever with Russia. But I could have told you that and so could most people. And so could have everybody that voted for me, which was a lot of people.So after wasting all of this money and all of this time with people that were haters -- people that worked on the Hillary Clinton Foundation, people that were absolutely haters of Trump -- they found no collusion. What has been found during this period of time are the illegal acts of getting this whole phony investigation started.And hopefully that's where people are going now. That's where people are going. And it's very interesting. It was an illegal investigation. Major, it was an illegal investigation. It was started illegally. Everything about it was crooked -- every single thing about it. There were dirty cops. These were bad people.If you look at McCabe and Comey, and you look at Lisa and Peter Strzok, these were bad people. And this was a -- an attempted coup. This was an attempted takedown of a President. And we beat them. We beat them. So the Mueller Report, when they talk about obstruction, we fight back. And do you know why we fight back?Because I knew how illegal this whole thing was. It was a scam. And what I'm most interested in --Excuse me. What I'm most interested in is getting started. Hopefully, the Attorney General -- he mentioned it yesterday -- he's doing a great job -- getting started on going back to the origins of exactly where this all started, because this was an illegal witch hunt and everybody knew it, and they knew it too.And they got caught. And what they did was treason. What they did was terrible. What they did was against our Constitution and everything we stand for. So hopefully that will happen. There is a hunger for that to happen in this country like I have never seen before, including all of the millions of people that voted for me. What they did was disgraceful.There's never been anything like it in the history of our country.Well, I like Herman Cain. And Herman will make that determination. Herman is a wonderful man. He's been a supporter of mine for a long time. He actually ran a very good campaign. And that's up to Herman. Herman is -- you know, he's already sat on one the Fed boards, and he's just somebody I like a lot. As to how he's doing in the process, that I don't know.You go through a process. But Herman is a great guy, and I hope he does well.No, Stephen is an excellent guy. He's a wonderful person. People don't know him. He's a wonderful -- been with me from the beginning. He's a brilliant man. And, frankly, there's only one person that's running it. You know who that is? It's me.I have not seen the Mueller report. I have not read the Mueller report. I won. No collusion. No obstruction. I won. Everybody knows I won. And the pros knew it was illegally started. The whole thing was illegal. I have not read the Mueller report. I haven't seen the Mueller report. As far as I'm concerned, I don't care about the Mueller report.I've been totally exonerated. No collusion. No obstruction. And I'm off to dealing with China. I'm off to dealing with North Korea. I'm off to dealing with Venezuela and all the problems in this world. I'm not worrying about something that never, ever should've taken place.I did not see what happened. I did not see what happened to Candace Owens.Excuse me. I did not see what happened to Candace Owens.Well, I think that's a terrible thing. I think that's a terrible thing that he would do that. I find her to be a very -- I know her. I think she's a fine person, a fine young woman, and I think that's disgraceful that they could say that.I don't hear you.I have no idea.I respect him. I like him. And he's somebody that, you know, I have a lot of regard for.My finances are very clean. I don't think there is an investigation. If you say it, I don't know. But I don't think there is an investigation. My finances are very clean.Well, I like him a lot. He's doing a very good job. It could happen. We'll make a determination.We have others, but right now he's the man. He's doing a great job.Kevin. Thank you. See you in Texas.Hello, everybody. The economic numbers just came out; they're very, very good. Our country is doing unbelievably well, economically. Most of you don't report that because it doesn't sound good from your perspective. But the country is doing really, really well. We have a lot of very exciting things going on. A lot of companies will be announcing shortly they're moving back into the United States.They're all coming back. They want to be where the action is. I'm heading to the border. We're building a lot of wall. We're going to show you a section. And a lot of things are happening. A lot of very positive things are happening.Well, I personally think the Fed should drop rates. I think they really slowed us down. There's no inflation. I would say, in terms of quantitative tightening, it should actually now be quantitative easing. Very little, if any inflation. And I think they should drop rates. And they should get rid of quantitative tightening.You would see a rocket ship. Despite that, we're doing very well.We're going in a little different direction. Ron's a good man. But we're going in a tougher direction. We want to go in a tougher direction.Yeah, I think I'm a very good messenger. And people got a kick out of it. He's going through a situation; let's see what happens. But people got a kick -- we got to -- we got to sort of smile a little bit, right?No, I don't see Joe Biden as a threat. No. I don't see him as a threat. I think he's only a threat to himself.I just don't see him as a threat. He's been there a long time. His record is not good. He'd have to run on the Obama failed record. You look at what happened with so many different things: North Korea, the Middle East, the economy never got going. No, I don't think Joe is a threat. I'd love him to be -- I mean, look, I'd be happy with any of them to be honest.I never changed my mind at all. I may shut it down at some point, but I'd rather do tariffs. So Mexico, I have to say, has been very, very good -- you know that -- over the last four days, since I talked about shutting down the border. If they continue that, everything will be fine. If they don't, we're going to tariff their cars at 25 percent coming into the United States.So every time they make a car, it's a 25 percent tariff. That means we make money as opposed to lose money. We probably bring those car companies back into the United States. But if, on the other hand, it doesn't work -- which it will, 100 percent -- the tariffs will work just like they've worked with steel.Our steel industry is so hot right now because of what I did with tariffs. Same thing with aluminum -- they'll work. But if it didn't work, I will close the border. I am also -- I'm looking at an economic penalty for all of the drugs that are coming in through the southern border and killing our people.The China meeting was a big success. I think we're going to have a -- look, we have a very good relationship. We're going to see. I don't want to predict a deal or not a deal. But we're very well along. We've really negotiated probably the two hardest points very successfully for our country. And China understands -- you know, China has taken advantage of our country for 30 years.And we can't do that anymore. Not with me.Because Mexico has been absolutely terrific for the last four days. They're apprehending everybody. Yesterday, they apprehended 1,400 people. The day before, it was a thousand. And if they apprehend people at their southern border, where they don't have to walk through, that's a big home run. We can handle it from there.It's really good. Now, Congress has to act. They have to get rid of catch and release, chain migration, visa lottery. They have to get rid of the whole asylum system because it doesn't work. And, frankly, we should get rid of judges. You can't have a court case every time somebody steps their foot on our ground.So very important that Congress acts. But Mexico, in the last four days -- it's never happened like that in 35 years.This will supersede USMCA. USMCA is a great deal and it's very good for Mexico, but this will supersede USMCA.I'm going to hold a rally.Yeah, because the dinner is so boring and so negative that we're going to hold a very positive rally instead.We haven't determined. We have about three sites. Everybody wants it. It'll be a big one, but the Correspondents' Dinner is too negative. I like positive things. Okay?No. They've already got it. He's old news. He lied numerous times during his last testimony. They've had that for many months.Oh, I don't know. That's up to whoever handles it. I don't know. Hey, I'm under audit. But that's up to whoever it is. I -- from what I understand, the law is 100 percent on my side.Venezuela is a mess. This is what socialism brings. If you elect a socialist here, you'll have the same exact country as you have in Venezuela. Thank you.Hello, everybody. The economic numbers just came out. They're very, very good. Our country is doing unbelievably well economically. Most of you don't report that because it's -- it doesn't sound good from your perspective. But the country is doing really, really well. We have a lot of very exciting things going on, a lot of companies will be announcing shortly they're moving back into the United States.They are all coming back. They want to be where the action is. I'm heading to the border. We're building a lot of wall, were going to show U.S. section, and a lot of things are happening, a lot of very positive things are happening.Well, I personally think the feds should drop rates. I think they really slowed us down. There is no inflation. I would say in terms of quantitative tightening, it should actually now be quantitative easing. Very little if any inflation, and I think they should drop rates and they should get rid of quantitative tightening.You would see a rocket ship. Despite that, we're doing very well.We're going in a little different direction. Ron is a good man, but we're going and a tougher direction. We want to go in a tougher direction. David?Yeah, I think I'm a very good messenger and people got a kick out of it. He's going through a situation. Let's see what happens, but people got a cake. We got a -- we got to sort of smiled a little bit, right?No, I don't see Joe Biden as a threat. No. I don't see him as a threat. I think he's only a threat to himself.I just don't see him as a threat. He's been there a long time, his record is not good, he'd have to run on the Obama failed to record. You look at what happened with so many different things, North Korea, the Middle East, the economy never got going. No, I don't think Joe is a threat. I'd love him to be. I mean, look, I'd be happy with any of them, to be honest.I never changed my mind at all. I may shut it down at some point, but I'd rather do tariffs. So Mexico, I have to say, has been very, very good, you know that over the last four days since I talked about shutting down the border. If they continue that, everything will be fine. If they don't, were going to tear up their cars to 25 percent coming into the United States.So every time they make a car, it's a 25 percent tariff. That means we make money as opposed to lose money. We probably bring those car companies back into the United States. But if, on the other hand, it doesn't work, which it will 100 percent -- the tariff will work just like they've worked with steel, our steel industry is so hot right now because of what I did with cherubs.Same thing with aluminum. They'll work. But if it didn't work, I'll close the border. I also am looking at an economic penalty for all of the drugs that are coming in through the southern border and killing our people.The China meeting was a big success. I think we're going to have a -- look, we have a very good relationship. We're going to see. I don't want to predict a deal or not ideal, but we are very well along. We've really negotiated probably the two hardest points very successfully for our country, and China understands.You know, China has taken advantage of our country for 30 years and we can't do that anymore, not with me.Because Mexico has been absolutely terrific for the last four days. They are apprehending everybody. Yesterday, they apprehended 14 -- 1,400 people. The day before was 1,000. And if they apprehend people at their southern border where they don't have to walk through, that's a big homerun. We can handle it from there.It's really good. Now, Congress has to act. They had to get rid of catch and release, chain migration, visa lottery, they have to get rid of the whole asylum system because it doesn't work. And frankly, we should get rid of judges. You can't have a court case every time somebody steps their foot on our ground.So very important that Congress acts. But Mexico, for the last 4 days, it's never happened like that in 35 years.This will supersede USMCA. USMCA is a great deal and it's very good for Mexico, but this will supersede USMCA.I'm going to hold a rally. Yeah, because the dinner is so boring and so negative that were going to hold a very positive rally.We haven't determined. We have about three sites. Everybody wants it. It'll be a big one. But the correspondent's dinner is too negative. I like positive things. Right?No, they've already got it. He's old news. He lied numerous times during his last testimony. They've had that for many months.Oh, I don't know. That's up to whoever handles it. I don't know. Hey, I'm under audit but that's up to whoever it is. From what I understand, the law is 100 percent on my side.Venezuela is a mess. This is what socialism brings. You elect this socialist here, you will have the same exact country as you have in Venezuela. Thank you.So we’re going to Michigan. We’re opening up car plants in Michigan again for the first time in decades. They’re coming in -- really pouring in. Car companies are coming in. Toyota just announced $13.5 billion coming into our country. And Michigan is booming and Ohio is booming, and North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida -- a lot of places.But we have a lot of car companies and we have a lot of companies coming back into our country. And this has been happening pretty much since I’ve been President. It’s really amazing what’s going on. But, again, because I’m going to Michigan, I will tell you, we’ll be speaking about it tonight. We have companies coming back in -- car companies. It’s a great thing to see.Well, look, I’ve been going through that for almost two years. But it’s really much more than that because, if you look back, you can probably look at the insurance policy area in terms of timing. It’s a disgrace what happened. This was a terrible thing that was put onto our country. Nobody has seen anything like this.Probably never happened before. A beautiful conclusion. I haven’t seen the report. Beautiful conclusion. And there was no collusion at all. There never was. Everybody knew it. I wish it could have gone in one week instead of taking almost two years. But the result was great: no obstruction, no collusion, no anything.It was a great -- yeah, it was a great thing. But it took a long time.Well, I can’t tell you whether or not it had an impact on other countries, including China. I can say this: that countries are reacting very well. We’re doing very well with our trade talks with China, and our trade talks and other talks with other countries. Our country is doing great. If you look at -- if you look at other countries, if you look at what’s happening, the economies of other countries -- we’re leading the world economically.We’re leading the world as far as our economy is concerned. We have a strong dollar. We have -- I mean, things are going very well. And one of the reasons I’m going out tonight to Michigan is we’ve brought back so much industry, so many car companies to Michigan. So we’re very happy.Quiet.The Special Olympics will be funded. I just told my people, "I want to fund the Special Olympics." And I just authorized a funding of the Special Olympics. I've been to the Special Olympics. I think it's incredible. And I just authorized a funding. I heard about it this morning. I have overridden my people. We're funding the Special Olympics.Say it?I don't know.Well, she's a very nice lady. She's a friend of mine. I hope she does well. I hope the Brexit movement and everything happening there goes very well. But Theresa May is a very good woman. And I'll tell you what: She's strong, she's tough. And she's in there fighting.I like Boris Johnson a lot. He's a friend of mine.I've taken better care of Puerto Rico than any man ever. We have $91 billion going to Puerto Rico. We have $29 billion to Texas and $12 billion to Florida for the hurricanes. Puerto Rico has been taken care of better by Donald Trump than by any living human being. And I think the people of Puerto Rico understand it. But you do have a mayor of San Juan that, frankly, doesn’t know what she's doing.And the Governor -- they got to spend the money wisely. They don’t know how to spend the money, and they're not spending it wisely. But I'm giving them more money than they've ever got -- gotten. And frankly, the people of Puerto Rico, I really have a great relationship with them. And I think, when it comes time, they really do appreciate it.Where? Where?We're going to look into that very much.So, Obamacare has been an absolute disaster. I have asked John Barrasso, senator; Bill Cassidy, who's a terrific healthcare person; Rick Scott and others to take a look, form a really great plan. We're winning the lawsuit to terminate Obamacare in Texas. We are winning the Texas lawsuit. And right now, we're on the winning side.Hopefully, we'll win at the appellate division and go to the Supreme Court to terminate Obamacare. The cost of Obamacare to people is far too much. The deductibility is ridiculous. It averages more than $7,000, meaning it's unusable. So, Obamacare has been disaster. We will take care of preexisting conditions better than they're taken care of now.And I've already gotten rid of the individual mandate, which was the worst part of Obamacare, where you had to pay for the privilege of not getting bad insurance. So -- wait a minute. So we are working very hard on that. John Barrasso, Rick Scott, we have some great people. You look -- I mean, we've put together a group of four or five, and Bill Cassidy is a terrific healthcare person.And they are going to work together and come up with something that's really spectacular. Maybe we'll even get support in the House from Democrats. But it's going to be far better than Obamacare. If we win on Obamacare, it will be terminated in the court. And we'll see what happens.Well, we're working on a plan now. There's no very great rush from the standpoint. We're waiting for decisions in the court. But we've already won the case against -- for the termination of Obamacare -- against Obamacare. Now we'll go to the appellate division. We'll see what happens there. I think we'll win; it's in Texas.Wait. Wait. And then it goes to the Supreme Court of the United States. If the decisions are held up, if we win on the termination of Obamacare, we will have a plan that's far better than Obamacare, including, very importantly, preexisting conditions, which I've always been in favor of.Well, I think the Smollett -- I think the case in Chicago is an absolute embarrassment to our country. And I have asked that it be -- that they look at it. I think that case is an absolute embarrassment to our country, and somebody has to at least take a very good, hard look at it.So after a long look, after a long investigation, after so many people have been so badly hurt, after not looking at the other side -- where a lot of bad things happened, a lot of horrible things happened, a lot of very bad things happened for our country -- it was just announced there was no collusion with Russia. The most ridiculous thing I've ever heard. There was no collusion with Russia. There was no obstruction, and none whatsoever, and it was a complete and total exoneration.It's a shame that our country had to go through this. To be honest, it's a shame that your President has had to go through this for -- before I even got elected, it began. And it began illegally, and hopefully somebody is going to look at the other side. This was an illegal takedown that failed. And hopefully, somebody is going to be looking at the other side. So it's complete exoneration. No collusion, no obstruction. Thank you very much. Thank you.I have no idea about the Mueller report. I'm going to Florida. We have meetings with the five Caribbean leaders. That'll be at Mar-a-Lago. We have a lot of other meetings set up for this weekend on trade. We have a lot of talks with China. And a lot of things are happening. We'll be doing it from Florida. And a lot of very important things are happening.Yeah.The Democrats have very much proven to be anti-Israel. There's no question about that. And it's a disgrace. I mean, I don’t know what's happened to them. But they are totally anti-Israel. Frankly, I think they're anti-Jewish.Yeah, we're being very, very strong on the border. The number is enormous of people that we’ve captured, people that we’ve apprehended, but we’re going to take care of it. We are being very, very tough at the border.It's just a continuation of the same witch hunt. They know it. And behind closed doors, they laugh at it. It's just a continuation of the same nonsense. Everybody knows. They ought to go to work, get infrastructure done, and get a lot of other things done instead of wasting everybody's time.I can’t hear you.I know nothing about it. I've never heard that. I’ve never heard about it.Well, we're going to see what happens. It's going to be very interesting. But we'll see what happens. There was no collusion. There was no obstruction. Everybody knows it. It's all a big hoax. It's -- I call it the witch hunt. It's all a big hoax. So we'll see what happens. I know that the Attorney General, highly respected, ultimately will make a decision.There won't be. And if there is, it'll only play to our advantage.So here is ISIS on Election Day. Here's ISIS right now. If you look -- so there's ISIS. And that's what we have right now, as of last night. That's what we have right now. You guys can have the map. Congratulations. You'll spread it around.Well, I think it's about time. [Gestures at Map] Hey, folks, you'll spread that around?Huh?He's a great guy. He's flying with us. We'll see what happens. I will be nominating Mr. Moore for the Fed. You know who I'm talking about. So he's going to be -- he's going to be a great. He's going to be great on the Fed.I have no idea. No collusion. No collusion. I have no idea when it's going to be released. It's interesting that a man gets appointed by a deputy; he writes a report. You know -- never figured that one out. A man gets appointed by a deputy; he writes a report.I had the greatest electoral victory -- one of them -- in the history of our country. Tremendous success. Tens of millions of voters. And now somebody is going to write a report who never got a vote. So we'll see what the report says. Let's see if it's fair. I have no idea when it's going to be released.No, no. We're -- in Syria, we're leaving 200 people there and 200 people in another place in Syria, closer to Israel, for a period of time. I brought this out for you because this is a map of -- everything in the red -- this was on Election Night in 2016. Everything red is ISIS. When I took it over, it was a mess.Now, on the bottom, that's the exact same. There is no red. In fact, there's actually a tiny spot, which will be gone by tonight. So that's ISIS -- red, right there -- and the bottom one is how it is today. This just came out 20 minutes ago. So this is ISIS on Election Day -- my election day -- and this is ISIS now.So that's the way it goes.I don't mind. I mean, frankly, I told the House, "If you want, let them see it." Again, I say: A deputy -- because of the fact that the Attorney General didn't have the courage to do it himself, a deputy that's appointed appoints another man to write a report. I just won an election with 63 million votes or so. Sixty-three million.I had 206 to 223 in the Electoral College -- 306 to 223. And I'm saying to myself, wait a minute, I just won one of the greatest elections of all time in the history of this country -- and even you will admit that -- and now I have somebody writing a report that never got a vote. It's called the Mueller report.So explain that, because my voters don't get it. And I don't get it. Now, at the same time, let it come out. Let people see it. That's up to the Attorney General. We have a very good Attorney General; he's a very highly respected man. And we'll see what happens. But it's sort of interesting that a man, out of the blue, just writes a report.I got 306 electoral votes against 223. That's a tremendous victory. I got 63 million more. I got 63 million votes. And now somebody just writes a report? I think it's ridiculous. But I want to see the report. And you know who will want to see it? The tens of millions of people that love the fact that we have the greatest economy we've ever had.I'm going to Ohio right now. They were going to close the plant; it's where they make the tanks. It was going to be closed, and I stopped them from closing it. And now it's thriving and doing great. And the people of Ohio, they like Trump because I've done a great job in Ohio. And I've done a great job all over the country.That's what the people want to hear.I know nothing about it. I know that he's conflicted and I know that his best friend is Comey, who's a bad cop. And I know that there are other things, obviously. You know I had a business transaction with him that I've reported many times that you people don't talk about. But I had a nasty business transaction with him and other things.I know that he put 13 highly conflicted and, you know, very angry -- I call them angry -- Democrats in. So, you know -- so, what it is. Now, let's see whether or not it's legit. You know better than anybody there's no collusion. There was no collusion. There was no obstruction. There was no nothing.But it's sort of an amazing thing that when you have a great victory, somebody comes and does a report out of nowhere -- tell me how that makes sense -- who never got a vote; who the day before he was retained to become Special Counsel, I told him he wouldn't be working at the FBI. And then the following day, they get him for this.I don't think so. I don't think people get it. With all of that being said, I look forward to seeing the report.No. We're not talking about removing them. We're talking about leaving them and for a substantial period of time, because we have to make sure that if we do the deal with China, that China lives by the deal. Because they've had a lot of problems living by certain deals and we have to make sure. Now, no President has ever done what I've done with China.China had free reign over our country, taking out $500 billion a year for many years. We actually rebuilt China, in the truest sense of the word. We rebuilt China. But we're getting along with China very well. President Xi is a friend of mine. The deal is coming along nicely. We have our top representatives going there this weekend to further the deal.But, no, we have -- we're taking in billions and billions of dollars right now in tariff money. And for a period of time, that will stay.Well, I don't know him. Yeah, I don't know him. He's a whack job, there's no question about it. But I really don't know him. He -- I think he's doing a tremendous disservice to a wonderful wife. Kellyanne is a wonderful woman. And I call him "Mr. Kellyanne." The fact is that he's doing a tremendous disservice to a wife and family.She's a wonderful woman.Well -- are you talking about the one that you just ---- found out about having to do with cars?No recommendation. It's up for review, and the European Union has been very tough on the United States for many years but nobody talked about it. And so we're looking at something to combat it. Not only do they charge our companies -- if you look, it was 1.6 billion to Google; it just happened yesterday.And a lot of other things. A lot of litigation. But I say the European Union has been as tough on the United States as China, just not as much money involved.We'll see what happens. We'll see whether or not they negotiate a deal. If they negotiate a deal, a fair deal, that's a different story.Uh, yeah, go ahead.I think that Twitter is a way that I get out the word when we have a corrupt media. And it is corrupt and it's fake. So Twitter is a way that I can get out the word. Because our media is so dishonest -- a lot of it -- the mainstream. A lot of it. They don't report the facts. They don't report -- as an example that I just showed you, they don't want to report this, so I figure I might as well show it. So when I do Twitter statements, I get out the word from a fake and corrupt media.And I have, on five sites --Please. Please.Please. On five sites, I have over 100 million people, and that includes Facebook and Instagram and Twitter and everything. And it's a way that I can get honesty out, because there's tremendous dishonesty with respect to the fake-news media.Good.Well, we'll take a look at that. I'll speak to the Secretary.Pakistan -- we'll be meeting with Pakistan. I think our relationship right now is very good with Pakistan.Thank you very much everyone. Thank you. Today, I'm very thrilled to welcome President Bolsonaro of Brazil for his first visit to the White House. President Bolsonaro, I want to congratulate you again on your tremendous election victory last October. It was an incredible feat and, really, a truly incredible challenge.And the end result was something the whole world was talking about. I also know that we're going to have a fantastic working relationship. We have many views that are similar. And we certainly feel very, very true to each other on trade. I think Brazil's relationship with the United States, because of our friendship, is probably better than it's ever been by far.I also want to congratulate you on your recovery from a truly horrible ordeal. It was an incredible recovery, and the people of your country know it. The great bravery you've shown -- tremendous bravery. For two centuries, the American and Brazilian people have been united by shared values, including an enduring love of faith and family and country.The United States was the first nation to recognize Brazil's independence in 1822. And in the Second World War, Brazil was the only South American country to contribute troops to the Allied war effort. Today, the United States and Brazil are the two largest democracies and economies in the Western Hemisphere.We're in close agreement on the incredible opportunities and continuing challenges facing our region. And we have a truly historic chance to forge even stronger ties between our two great nations. This afternoon, the President and I discussed many of our mutual priorities, including Venezuela. Brazil has been an extraordinary leader in supporting the Venezuelan people's efforts to reclaim their liberty and their democracy.Brazil has helped so much. Along with the United States, Brazil was one of the first nations to recognize Venezuela's legitimate Interim President, Juan Guaidó. I also want to express our profound gratitude to President Bolsonaro and all the Brazilian people for their efforts to provide humanitarian aid.We also thank you for allowing the United States to station extensive assistance and massive aid on the Brazilian border. The Brazilian people have been incredible. Together, we could -- and have been, really, very happy to feed thousands and thousands of starving Venezuelans. The Venezuelan people have appreciated it. And if the Maduro forces would step aside, it could be a truly great and successful humanitarian project.We call on members of the Venezuelan military to end their support for Maduro, who is really nothing more than a Cuban puppet, and finally set their people free. The United States and Brazil are also united in support of the long-suffering people of Cuba and Nicaragua. The twilight hour of socialism has arrived in our hemisphere.And hopefully, by the way, it's also arrived -- that twilight hour -- in our great country, which is doing better than it's ever done economically. The last thing we want in the United States is socialism. So, President Bolsonaro, I will tell you that we'll be consulting and talking a lot. We'll be working on all of our both problems and assets.And we're making tremendous strides. We had a great meeting today. As I told President Bolsonaro, I also intend to designate Brazil as a "Major Non-NATO Ally," or even possibly, if you start thinking about it, maybe a NATO ally -- have to talk to a lot of people, but maybe a NATO ally -- which will greatly advance security and cooperation between our countries.Our nations are already working together to protect our people from terrorism, transnational crime, and drugs and weapons trafficking. Also, human trafficking, which has really become something that has come to the forefront of crime. Horrible, horrible situation. We look forward to an even deeper partnership and working together.In our meetings, we also discussed the strong economic ties between our nations, grounded in the principles of fairness and reciprocity. My favorite word: reciprocity. President Bolsonaro and I are both committed to reducing trade barriers, facilitating investment, and supporting innovation across a range of industries, particularly energy, infrastructure, agriculture, and technology.The President's vision for freeing the private sector and opening the economy is the right way for Brazil to achieve strong economic growth. And our great companies are ready to go when that table is flat and free. To improve our business relationships, we have revived the U.S.-Brazil CEO Forum, and we have started a new U.S.-Brazil Energy Forum.We welcome Brazil's aspirations to join Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, a laudable goal and one that will make Brazil's status as a developing and developed country. We also hope that all of us will be able to work together -- all nations. I'm also pleased to announce that after 20 years of talks, we are finalizing a Technology Safeguards Agreement to allow U.S. companies to conduct space launches from Brazil.It's actually an incredible location when you study it and when you see it. We won't go into it now. But because of the location, tremendous amounts of money would be saved. To put it very simply: The flights are a lot shorter. Brazil's proximity to the equator makes it an ideal launch location. My administration is committed to reviving America's proud legacy in space.We're looking very strongly, as you know, and working together with everybody on Space Force. And we are grateful for Brazil's partnership. Mr. President, thank you again for the honor of your visit today. A strong and thriving friendship between the United States and Brazil is essential to a future of security and prosperity for all of our citizens.It's been a wonderful time getting to know you. You're doing a fantastic job. You've brought the country together. And I look forward to working with you in a very close relationship for many years to come. Thank you. Thank you very much. Mr. President, thank you very much.So we'll take a couple of questions. Roberta Rampton, please. Roberta. Reuters. Thank you.I'm not being told any specific time. They've been there a long time, between him and his predecessor. At some point, I would imagine things will change. But we really haven't done the really tough sanctions yet. We can do the tough sanctions. And all options are open, so we may be doing that. But we haven't done the toughest of sanctions, as you know.We've done, I would say, right down the middle. But we can go a lot tougher if we need to do that. But it's a very sad thing, and we're not looking for anything other than taking care of a lot of people that are starving and dying in the streets. What's happening there is a disgrace. This was one of the wealthiest countries in the world, and all of a sudden it's just -- it's grief-stricken, poverty-stricken, no food, no water, no air conditioning, no anything.No power for a long time last week. No power. And that's going to break down again because it's being held together by threads. So it's very sad, Roberta. Very sad to see. Okay?Mr. President, yes.So, as I said, all options are open. I think of all possibilities. All options are open. We'll see what happens. And, by the way, I see in the audience the son of the President who has been fantastic. Would you please stand up? The job you've done during a very tough period of time is just fantastic. And I know your father appreciates it, that I can tell you.Okay? Thank you very much. Fantastic job. Saagar Enjeti, from Daily Caller. Saagar.Thank you.No, I wouldn't entertain that. The only reason that they're doing that is they want to try and catch up. So if they can't catch up through the ballot box by winning an election, they want to try doing it in a different way. No, we would have no interest in that whatsoever. It'll never happen. It won't happen -- I guarantee it won't happen for six years.Well, we have to do something. I tell you, I have many, many millions of followers on Twitter. And it's different than it used to be. Things are happening, names are taken off, people aren't getting through. You've heard the same complaints. And it seems to be, if they're conservative, if they're Republicans, if they're in a certain group, there's discrimination and big discrimination.I see it absolutely on Twitter and Facebook, which I have also, and others I see. But I really focus more on the one platform. And I have many different platforms. It's -- I guess we have 60 million -- almost 60 million on Twitter. And if you add them all up, it's way over 100 million people. And I get to see firsthand what's going on, and it's not good.And we use the word "collusion" very loosely all the time. And I will tell you, there is collusion with respect to that, because something has to be going on. And when you get the back-scene, back-office statements made by executives of the various companies and you see the level of, in many cases, hatred they have for a certain group of people that happen to be in power, that happen to have won the election, you say that's really unfair.So something is happening with those groups of folks that are running Facebook and Google and Twitter. And I do think we have to get to the bottom of it. It's very fair -- it's collusive, and it's very, very fair to say that we have to do something about it. And if we don't -- you know, the incredible thing is that we can win an election and we have such a stacked deck.And that includes networks, frankly. You look at the networks, you look at the news, you look at the newscasts -- I call it "fake news." I'm very proud to hear the President use the term "fake news." But you look at what's happening with the networks. You look at what's happening with different shows.And it's hard to believe we win. But, you know, I'll tell you what it really shows: The people are smart. The people get it. They'll go through all of that -- whatever it is they're fed -- and in the end, they pull the right lever. It's a very, very dangerous situation. So I think I agree. I think something has to be looked at very closely.Thank you. I agree. [Laughter]Mr. President, thank you very much.Go ahead. You want to go?You look like a very nice person.Go ahead. Watch -- this will be the killer of all time. Watch. [Laughter]We will be supporting -- we're going to have a great relationship in so many different ways. That's just a -- just something that we're going to be doing in honor of the President and in honor of Brazil. We will be asking for things but not necessarily having to do with that. I think we're just going to have a very fair relationship.Okay?Thank you.Thank you very much, Mr. President. I appreciate it. Thank you very much. And thank you everybody. Thank you very much.China is going -- China is going very well. Talks with China are going very well. Thank you everybody. Thank you.Well, the economy is doing very well. We're seeing wages rise more than they have at any time for a long, long time. Wages are going up first time for many years -- I talked about it during the campaign -- for over 20 years. So, I'm happy about that. The economy is very, very strong.If you look at the stock market over the last few months, it's been great. And certainly since my election, it's up -- getting close to 50 percent -- the stock market. So, we're obviously very happy with that. We will -- I think as soon as these trade deals are done, if they get done -- and we're working with China; we'll see what happens -- but I think you're going to see a very big spike.A lot of people are waiting to see what happens with the China deal. Mexico, Canada is done. We'll be submitting to Congress very shortly. And that's a great deal for the United States, so we're very happy about that. And I am now, as you know, going to Alabama. Some of you are joining me. But I look forward to it. I'll be meeting with Governor Ivey.The people of Alabama, they got hit very hard by the tornadoes. We're stopping there, then we're going to Florida. And we're going to do a lot of work. We'll be working very hard.I feel very badly for Paul Manafort. I think it's been a very, very tough time for him. But if you notice, both his lawyer -- a highly respected man and a very highly respected judge -- the judge said there was no collusion with Russia. It's had nothing to do with collusion. There was no collusion. It's a collusion hoax.It's a collusion witch-hoax. I don’t collude with Russia. So I just want to tell you that his lawyer went out of his way, actually, to make a statement last night. No collusion with Russia. There was absolutely none. The judge, I mean, for whatever reason -- I was very honored by it -- also made the statement that this had nothing do with collusion with Russia.So, you know, keep it going. Let's go. Keep the hoax going. Just a hoax. Senator Burr said there's no collusion. If you look at Devin Nunes and the House Intelligence Commission -- Committee -- they said there's no collusion. And guess what? There is none.What?Well, it's a step. I think you'll probably find out it averages out. The unemployment rate just went lower. We're down now to 3.8 percent, so we had very good news on that. I think the big news, really, was that wages went up. And that's great for the American worker. That’s something people -- I don’t know if they ever expected to see it. Yeah?Well, I haven’t heard that. I think they're doing well. But if it happened that way, we'll do even better. We’ll do very well either way, with or without a deal. But you're telling me something that I have not heard.Yeah. Sure. I'm confident. But if we don’t make a very good deal for our country, I wouldn’t make a deal. If this isn’t a great deal, I won't make a deal.Say it?I don’t even discuss it. I have -- the only one discussing it is you. I haven’t discussed it. I know that, in watching and seeing you folks at night, that Michael Cohen lied about the pardon. It was a stone-cold lie. And he's lied about a lot of things, but when he lied about the pardon, that was really a lie.And he knew all about pardons. His lawyers said that they went to my lawyers and asked for pardons. And I can go a step above that, but I won't go do it now.Why what?It's the most ridiculous suit I've ever seen. Bad lawyer. I had a bad lawyer. Go ahead. That happens.We'll make a comment on it later.Talk. Talk. Up. You're competing with a helicopter, John.Well, I think that it's going very well. The border -- we're doing a great job. We're apprehending record numbers of people -- 75,000 over the last short period of time. That's a lot of work. And with a wall, we wouldn't have to do it. No, I think we're doing fine in Congress. They understand it's an emergency.Well, time will tell, but I have a feeling that our relationship with North Korea -- Kim Jong Un and myself -- Chairman Kim -- I think it's a very good one. I think it remains good. I would be surprised, in a negative way, if he did anything that was not per our understanding. But we'll see what happens.Look, when I came in -- under the Obama administration, North Korea was a disaster. You were going to war, folks, whether you know it or not. You were going to war. There was no talking. There was testing. We didn't have our people back. We didn't have our great hostages back. Now we're getting the remains, we're doing a lot of things now.This was a disaster. I inherited a mess. In many ways, I inherited -- the Middle East, I inherited a mess, and it's straightening out a lot. We're doing very well there. I inherited a mess.I inherited -- wait. Wait. I inherited a mess with North Korea. And right now, you have no testing. You have no nothing. Let's see what happens. But I would be very disappointed if I saw testing.I thought yesterday's vote by the House was disgraceful because it's become -- the Democrats have become an anti-Israel party. They've become an anti-Jewish party. And I thought that vote was a disgrace and so does everybody else, if you get an honest answer. If you get an honest answer from politicians, they thought it was a disgrace.The Democrats have become an anti-Israel party. They've become an anti-Jewish party, and that's too bad. I'm going to Alabama.Well, thank you very much. I want to begin by thanking the Prime Minister and President of Vietnam. We're in Hanoi. It's an incredible city. What's happened over the last 25 years has been incredible for the people of Vietnam, the job they've done -- economic development. Really something special. So I want to thank all of the people of Vietnam for having treated us so well.We have, I think, reasonably attractive news from Pakistan and India. They've been going at it, and we've been involved in trying to have them stop. And we have some reasonably decent news. I think, hopefully, that's going to be coming to an end. It's been going on for a long time -- decades and decades.There's a lot of dislike, unfortunately. So we've been in the middle, trying to help them both out and see if we can get some organization and some peace. And I think, probably, that's going to be happening. We have -- Venezuela, as you know, has been very much in the news, and we're sending supplies. Supplies are getting through a little bit more.It's not easy. It's hard to believe somebody would say "let's not do it." What difference would that make, except it's great for its people to let it get through. But we're sending a lot of supplies down to Venezuela. People are starving to death, and you would really think that the man in charge, currently, would let those supplies get through.We are getting them into some of the cities and some of the areas that need them the most. And it's not an easy job. It's very difficult, actually. On North Korea, we just left Chairman Kim. We had a really, I think, a very productive time. We thought, and I thought, and Secretary Pompeo felt that it wasn’t a good thing to be signing anything.I'm going to let Mike speak about it. But we literally just left. We spent pretty much all day with Kim Jong Un, who is -- he's quite a guy and quite a character. And I think our relationship is very strong. But at this time -- we had some options, and at this time we decided not to do any of the options.And we'll see where that goes. But it was a very interesting two days. And I think, actually, it was a very productive two days. But sometimes you have to walk, and this was just one of those times. And I'll let Mike speak to that for a couple of minutes, please.Thank you.All right, Major, please.Yeah.It was about the sanctions.Basically, they wanted the sanctions lifted in their entirety, and we couldn’t do that. They were willing to denuke a large portion of the areas that we wanted, but we couldn’t give up all of the sanctions for that. So we continue to work, and we'll see. But we had to walk away from that particular suggestion.We had to walk away from that.They're in place. You know, I was watching as a lot of you folks over the weeks have said, "Oh, we've given up." We haven’t given up anything. And frankly, I think we'll end up being very good friends with Chairman Kim and with North Korea, and I think they have tremendous potential. I've been telling everybody: They have tremendous potential.Unbelievable potential. But we're going to see. But it was about sanctions. I mean, they wanted sanctions lifted but they weren’t willing to do an area that we wanted. They were willing to give us areas but not the ones we wanted. John?Right.Yes, we did. We did.Yeah.Well, I don’t -- John, I don’t want to comment --Excuse me, I don’t want to comment on that exactly, but he has a certain vision and it's not exactly our vision, but it's a lot closer than it was a year ago. And I think, you know, eventually we'll get there. But for this particular visit, we decided that we had to walk, and we'll see what happens. Okay?Oh, look, we have a gentleman nobody has ever heard of. Sean Hannity -- what are you doing here, Sean Hannity? Should we let him do a question? I don't know. Yeah, John, go ahead.Yeah.With time. It'll be bridged, I think, at a certain point. But there is a gap. We have to have sanctions. And he wants to denuke, but he wants to just do areas that are less important than the areas that we want. We know that -- we know the country very well, believe it or not. We know every inch of that country.And we have to get what we have to get, because that's a big -- that's a big give. Yeah, Sean. Please.Well, Sean, I don’t want to say it was my decision, because what purpose is that? I want to keep the relationship, and we will keep the relationship. We'll see what happens over the next period of time. But, as you know, we got our hostages back. There's no more testing. And one of the things, importantly, that Chairman Kim promised me last night is, regardless, he's not going to do testing of rockets and nuclear.Not going to do testing. So, you know, I trust him, and I take him at his word. I hope that's true. But, in the meantime, we'll be talking. Mike will be speaking with his people. He's also developed a very good relationship with the people -- really, the people representing North Korea. I haven't spoken to Prime Minister Abe yet.I haven’t spoken to President Moon of South Korea. But we will, and we'll tell them it's a process and it's moving along. But we just felt it wasn’t appropriate to sign an agreement today. We could have. I just felt it wasn’t very appropriate. Yeah, Jonathan.Thank you.Well, it's incorrect. And, you know, it's very interesting, because I tried to watch as much as I could. I wasn’t able to watch too much because I've been a little bit busy. But I think having a fake hearing like that, and having it in the middle of this very important summit is really a terrible thing.They could’ve made it two days later or next week, and it would've been even better. They would've had more time. But having it during this very important summit is sort of incredible. And he lied a lot, but it was very interesting because he didn’t lie about one thing. He said no collusion with the Russian hoax.And I said, "I wonder why he didn’t just lie about that, too, like he did about everything else?" I mean, he lied about so many different things, and I was actually impressed that he didn’t say, "Well, I think there was collusion for this reason or that." He didn’t say that. He said, "No collusion." And I was, you know, a little impressed by that, frankly.Could've -- he could've gone all out. He only went about 95 percent instead of 100 percent. But the fact is, there is no collusion. And I call it the "witch hunt." This should never happen to another President. This is so bad for our country. So bad. You look at this whole hoax -- I call it the Russian witch hunt.I now add the word "hoax." It's a very, very bad thing for our country. But I was impressed with the fact that he -- when -- you know, because the most important question up there was the one on collusion. And he said he saw no collusion. So we'll see what happens. But it was pretty shameful, I think. Yes, ma'am. Please.Please.How about one of you, instead of three?Excuse me. Excuse me. Person in the front. Go ahead.No, no. No, not you. Excuse me. Yeah, we'll get to you. Thank you.I think it was very good, very friendly. This wasn’t a walk away, like you get up and walk out. No, this was very friendly. We shook hands. You know, there's a warmth that we have, and I hope that stays. I think it will. But we are -- you know, we're positioned to do something very special. This has been going on for many decades.This isn’t me. You know, this was -- this should've been solved during many presidential runs. And, you know, people talked about it; they never did anything. I get a kick out of so many people from past administrations telling me how to negotiate when they were there, in some cases, for eight years; they did nothing.But I think the relationship was very warm, and when we walked away it was a very friendly walk. Mike, you might want to speak to that for a second.It's a very different system. I would say that’s true.We just like each other. I mean, we have a good relationship. Yeah. It's a totally different system, to put it mildly. But we like each other. A good relationship. Go ahead. In the back. Go ahead.You always have to be prepared to walk. I could've signed an agreement today, and then you people would've said, "Oh, what a terrible deal. What a terrible thing he did." No, you have be prepared to walk. And, you know, there was a potential we could've signed something today. I could've 100 percent signed something today.We actually had papers ready to be signed, but it just wasn’t appropriate. I want to do it right. I'd much rather do it right than do it fast. Yes, please. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go. First. Go. Yeah.You have to speak up.We discussed many ways. And the denuclearization is a very important -- it's a very important word. Become a very well used word. And a lot of people don’t know what it means, but to me it's pretty obvious: We have to get rid of the nukes. I think he's got a chance to have one of the most successful countries -- rapidly, too -- on Earth.Incredible country, incredible location. You're right between -- if you think of it, you have, on one side, Russia and China, and on the other you have South Korea, and you're surrounded by water and among the most beautiful shorelines in the world. There is tremendous potential in North Korea, and I think he's going to lead it to a very important thing, economically.I think it's going to be an absolute economic power. Yes. Go ahead. Please. Go ahead. Yeah.I know, David.Well, some people, David, are saying that, and some people are denying that. They have shots from above -- way above -- and some people are saying that and some people aren't. But I could've taken that out today, but I think you and others would've said we didn’t get enough for what we'd be giving up. So -- and, you know, don’t forget, we're partners with a lot of countries on this, if you think about it, with the sanctions.We have a whole big partnership with the United Nations and many countries, including Russia, China, and others. And then, of course, South Korea is very important to this whole thing, and Japan. I don’t want to do something that is going to violate the trust that we've built up. We have a very strong partnership.I did. Yes. Absolutely.Totally.Sure. Totally.He would do that, but he wants the sanctions for that. And as you know, there's plenty left after that. And I just I felt it wasn’t good. Mike and I spent a long time negotiating and talking about it to ourselves. And just -- I felt that that particular, as you know, that facility, while very big, it wasn’t enough to do what we were doing.We had to have more than that, yeah. We had to have more than that because there are other things that you haven’t talked about, that you haven’t written about, that we found. And we have to have -- that was done a long time ago, but the people didn’t know about.And we brought -- yeah.Exactly. And we brought many, many points up that I think they were surprised that we knew. But we had to do more than just the one level. Because if we did the one level, and we gave up all of that leverage that’s been taking a long time to build. And I want to tell you, by the way --David, I want to take off the sanctions so badly, because I want that country to grow. That country has got such potential, but they have to give up, or we could've done that deal. Mike, you want to speak to that?That’s right. Go ahead.Thank you.Well, I don’t want to say that to you --Yeah. Yeah. It's a good question. I don’t want to say that to you because I don’t want to put myself in that position, from the standpoint of negotiation. But, you know, we want a lot to be given up. And we're giving up. And we'll have to -- you know, we'll be helping them along economically, us and other -- many other countries are going to be helping.They're going to be in there. They're prepared to help. I can tell you: Japan, South Korea, I think China. So many. And speaking of China, we're very well on our way to doing something special, but we'll see. I mean, I am always prepared to walk. I'm never afraid to walk from a deal. And I would do that with China, too, if it didn’t work out.Well, he said the testing -- yeah.He said the testing will not start. He said that he's not going to do testing of rockets or missiles or anything having to do with nuclear. And all I can tell you is that's what he said. And we'll see. Yes, go ahead. Please. Go ahead, please. In the back. Red. In the red.Yes, thank you.I think China has been a big help. Bigger than most people know. On the border, as you know, 93 percent of the goods coming into North Korea come through China. So there's a great power there. At the same time, I believe -- I happen to believe that North Korea is calling its own shots. They're not taking orders from anybody.He's a very strong guy. And they're able to do things that are pretty amazing. But 93 percent still come in from China. China has an influence, and China has been a big help. And Russia has been a big help too. As you know, there's a pretty small part of the border, but nevertheless significant -- about 28 miles.And things can happen there too. And they've been a help. Yes, go ahead, please.We did talk about China today a lot. And he's getting along with China and so are we. And we are -- you know, we're -- we're, right now, you look at what's happened to our country; we've picked up trillions and trillions of dollars of net worth. Our stock market is almost at its all-time high. Our economy is incredible.Our unemployment numbers are among the best we've ever had in our history. Individual groups like African American, women -- you just take a look at any group; Hispanic, you saw that just came out -- the best in history; African American, best in history. So many different numbers are coming out so good.So we have the strongest economy, probably, possibly that we've ever had. Fiat Chrysler just announced that they're going to spend $4.5 billion right next to Detroit, in Michigan. They're building a tremendous plant. It's actually an expansion of another plant. It's going to be -- it's going to double up their jobs, and even more than that.A lot of great things are happening. And with China, they're having some difficulty, as you know. But I think that a lot of the difficulty is because of the tariffs that they're having. And in addition to that, we're putting a tremendous amount of money; you saw trade deficits went down last month. Everybody was trying to find out why.Well, we're taking in a lot of tariff money, and it's going right to the bottom line and it has reduced the trade deficits. So we'll see what happens with China. I think we have a very good chance. Their numbers are down. But I don't want that. I want their numbers -- I want them to do great. But we've been losing anywhere from $300- to $500 billion a year with China for many, many years.And again, like other things, many Presidents should have done this before me, and nobody did. So we're doing it. Go ahead. Go ahead, please. Right here. This gentleman.Well, I like President Moon very much. We have a great relationship. Believe it or not, I have a great relationship with almost every leader. A lot of people find that hard to understand, but I do. But some take advantage of our country like you wouldn't believe. And when they know I know it -- which I know in every case -- maybe it sort of freezes them up a little bit.But we do; we have a lot of good relationships. We'll be calling President Moon very soon, as soon as I get by the phone, on the plane. And he'll be one of the first calls. I'll be calling Prime Minister Abe of Japan, telling him about where we are and what we're doing. But I'll be making those calls. No, he's working very hard.President Moon is working very hard. He'd love to see a deal and he's been very helpful. Okay? Thank you. Go ahead, please.To use China?Well, we do. I mean, China has been very helpful. President Xi is a great leader. He's a highly respected leader all over the world and especially in Asia. And he's helped us -- Mike, I would say he's helped us a lot, right?We've -- I actually called him just recently to say, "Hey, you know, whatever you can do on this." But he has been very helpful at the border, and he's been very, very helpful with, I think, North Korea generally. Could he be a little more helpful? Probably. But he's been excellent. Go ahead, please. No -- yeah, please.That's okay. You're friends.No, we haven't -- no.We'll see. If it happens, it happens. I have not committed.Well, you know, the military exercises, I gave that up quite a while ago because it costs us $100 million every time we do it. We fly these massive bombers in from Guam. And when I first started, a certain general said, "Oh, yes, sir, we fly them in from Guam. It's right next door." Well, right next door is seven hours away.And then they come and they drop millions of dollars of bombs, and then they go back and -- But we would spend -- I mean, we spent hundreds of millions of dollars on those exercises, and I hated to see it. I thought it was unfair. And, frankly, I was, sort of, of the opinion that South Korea should help us with that.You know, we're protecting South Korea. I think they should help us with that. So those exercises are very expensive. And I was telling the generals -- I said: Look, you know, exercising is fun and it's nice and they play the war games. And I'm not saying it's not necessary, because at some levels it is, but at other levels it's not.But it's a very, very expensive thing. And you know, we do have to think about that too. But when they spend hundreds of millions of dollars on those exercises and we don't get reimbursed -- we're spending a tremendous amount of money on many countries, protecting countries that are very rich that can certainly afford to pay us and then some.And those countries -- by the way, and those countries know that it's not right, but nobody has ever asked them before. But I've asked them and we're doing -- we're gaining a lot of money. We've picked up over a $100 billion just in NATO over the last two years. A hundred billion dollars more has come in. And we're doing that with a lot of countries.You'll be seeing that a lot. Yes, sir. Please.Yeah, one second, please.I do.I have. I have.I have. And I have, and we have talked about it. And I really don't think it was in his interest at all. I know the Warmbier family very well. I think they're an incredible family. What happened is horrible. I really believe something very bad happened to him, and I don't think that the top leadership knew about it. And when they had to send him home -- by the way, I got the prisoners back.I got the hostages back. And Otto was one of the hostages, but Otto came back in shape that was not even to be talked about. I find it -- I thought it was horrible. Now, the others came back extremely healthy. But Otto came back in a condition that was just -- just terrible. And I will -- I did speak about it, and I don’t believe that he would've allowed that to happen.Just wasn’t to his advantage to allow that to happen. Those prisons are rough. They're rough places. And bad things happened. But I really don’t believe that he was -- I don’t believe he knew about it.He felt badly about it. I did speak to him. He felt very badly. But he knew the case very well, but he knew it later. And, you know, you got a lot of people. A big country. A lot of people. And in those prisons and those camps, you have a lot of people. And some really bad things happened to Otto. Some really, really bad things.But he tells me --He tells me that he didn’t know about it, and I will take him at his word. Yes, ma'am. Go ahead. Please. Please. Go ahead. In the back.No, in the back. Behind you. Thank you.You're going to have to speak a little louder. And where are you from? Where are you from?Why don’t you answer that, Mike? I can't --Good.I was worried about my hearing.Oh, inspections.Oh, inspections. Inspections on North Korea? Oh, we'd be able -- yeah.We'd be able to do that very easily. We have that set up, so we would be able to do that very easily. The inspections on North Korea will take place and we'll -- if we do something with them -- we have a schedule set up that is very good. We know things that, as David was asking about certain places and certain sites -- there are sites that people don’t know about that we know about.We would be able to do inspections, we think, very, very successfully. Yes, ma'am. Please. Please. Yes, go ahead. Please. Yes.A lot of people here, by the way. A big group of people.Go ahead.Good. Good.Right.Well, we hope. We hope. We're working hard on the peace plan and we hope it will be [Inaudible].Well, I just think he's been a great prime minister. And I don’t know about his difficulty, but you're telling me something that, you know, the people have been hearing about. But I don’t know about that. I can say this: that he's done a great job as prime minister. He's tough, he's smart, he's strong.He is very defensive. His military has been built up a lot. They buy a lot of equipment from the United States and they pay for it. Of course, we give them tremendous, as you know, subsidy, also. Four billion dollars is a lot each year. But they are -- they've been very good. They've been incredible, actually, in many ways.But there is a chance for peace between Israel and the Palestinians. And, you know, it's interesting -- all of my life, I've heard that the toughest of all deals -- when they talk about tough deals; we all like deals -- but the toughest of all deals would be peace between Israel and Palestinians. They say it's like the impossible deal.I'd love to be able to produce it. We'll see what happens. You know, we were paying the Palestinians a lot of money. And I ended that about two years ago because they weren’t saying the right things. And I said, why would we pay somebody that's not saying nice things about us, and not really wanting to go to the peace table?And they've been much better. And we'll see what happens.But I think we really -- I think we have, actually, a good shot at peace between Israel and the Palestinians.Yeah, go ahead. Please. Sir.You have to go again.Yeah. I think we're going have -- yeah. I mean, we have very, very good relations. And, by the way, speaking of -- you mentioned Japan -- we have a lot of good things happening Japan. We have trade talks started. For years, Japan has been sending millions and millions of cars in, and as you know, it's not been a very fair situation for the United States.We're starting trade talks with Japan. They actually started about three months ago, and I think we'll have a very good deal for the United States. But that’s been a very unfair situation. Prime Minister Abe understands that, and that’s fine. Yes, sir. Please. Back there.Well, I can't tell you. I mean, it might be soon. It might not be for a long time. I can't tell you. I would hope it would be soon. But it may not be for a long time. I could've done -- I could've done a deal today, but it would've been a deal that wouldn't have been a deal that -- it would've been something that I wouldn't have been happy about, Mike would not have been happy about.We had some pretty big options. But we just felt it wasn’t appropriate, and we really want to do it right. Yes, in the back. In the back. Yes, ma'am. Please.No, I think the language was good all throughout. The language has been good even now. But, you know, I don’t go by language, because we had probably the toughest language in the history of diplomacy -- if you call it diplomacy -- at the beginning, and yet, we became very friendly. I don’t believe there was any tougher language ever than that.But, again, this was something that should've been handled by other Presidents long before me and long before they had the kind of power that they have. But it wasn’t. It should've been done by many -- I'm not just blaming the Obama administration, which, by the way, it did nothing. Nothing. Did absolutely on North Korea.It allowed things that happened, and to happen, that were very inappropriate. But I'm not blaming the Obama administration. I'm blaming many administrations. Something should've happened. But I don’t think the rhetoric has been bad at all. Initially, it was horrible, but now it's been very good. All right, one more.How about you? Go ahead. Please. Please. Go ahead.I don’t want to comment on that. I can just tell you this: that we have very strong sanctions. I don’t want to talk about increasing sanctions. They're strong. They have a lot of great people in North Korea that have to live also. And that’s important to me. And I would say this: My whole attitude changed a lot because I got to know, as you know, Chairman Kim very well.And they have a point of view also. So I don’t really want to talk about that. I just think that, hopefully, for the sake of South Korea, for the sake of Japan, and frankly, for the sake of China -- I was talking to President Xi, who really is a man that gets the respect of a lot of people -- I say, "You can't love having a nuclear state right next to China." And he doesn’t. He really doesn’t. I will tell you, he would like to see that problem solved, too.So that’s it. Well, ladies and gentleman, I'm about to get on a plane and fly back to a wonderful place called Washington, D.C. So, thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you, fellas. Thank you very much.So, I'm going to Dover Air Force Base. A very sad occasion. We'll then be back, and we have a very busy day planned. We had a very good meeting yesterday with North Korea. That was an incredible meeting. It lasted almost two hours. And we've agreed to meet sometime probably at the end of February. We've picked the country, but we'll be announcing it in the future.Kim Jong Un is looking very forward to it and so am I. We've made a lot of progress that has not been reported by the media, but we have made a lot of progress as far as denuclearization is concerned. And we're talking about a lot of different things. But we've made tremendous progress that has not been reported, unfortunately, but it will be. Things are going very well with North Korea.Things are going very well with China and with trade. There were some false reports about sanctions being removed. We have taken in tremendous amounts of money in the United States because of the sanctions. And we'll see how it goes. And if we make a deal, certainly we wouldn't have sanctions. And if we don't make a deal, we will.But I think China has been -- we've really had a very extraordinary number of meetings, and a deal could very well happen with China. It's going very well; I would say about as well as it could possibly go, and without a question.I think it's the toughest thing I have to do. When I'm going to meet relatives of some of our great, great heroes that have fallen, I think it might be the toughest thing I have to do as President.Well, what we've done is we've -- when I took over, Syria was loaded with ISIS. And again, when you say -- and I've always said, who are we killing ISIS for? You know, the worst enemy of Russia, Iran, Syria, if you look at it, is ISIS. So we're killing ISIS for people that aren't necessarily always in agreement with us, let's put it that way.We've gone into Syria, and in two years we've, I guess, reduced it to about 99 percent of the territorial caliphate. Now, that doesn't mean you're not going have somebody around. And who knows what happened and who it was, because nobody is sure. But I will say this: We've taken it -- Syria was a mess.We've done Assad a very big favor. We've also done our country a favor. But we've brought it down to less than 1 percent. As you know, we didn't stop. We can be pulling back but we've been hitting ISIS very hard over the last three weeks. In particular over the last three weeks. And it's moving along very well.It's moving along very well. But when I took over, it was a total mess. But you do have to ask yourself: We're killing ISIS for Russia, for Iran, for Syria, for Iraq, for a lot of other places. At some point, you want to bring our people back home. I've been talking about this since the campaign. But we've done a very -- we're down to 99 percent.We have control of 99 percent and we're hitting the rest of it very, very powerfully over the last three weeks.Well, I'm going to be making a statement at three o'clock, Steve. I hope you'll be there. But I think it will be an important statement having to do with the -- as, you know, caravans are coming up. They have a big one coming up now. I'm disappointed that Mexico is not stopping them. I mean, Mexico seems, unfortunately, powerless to stop them.Many got through. They broke through the Mexican area where, in theory, they were guarded. And they weren't so well guarded. So you have a lot of people in caravans coming up. If we had a wall, we wouldn't have a problem. But we don't; we have too many open areas. The walls that we fixed and the walls that we built hold beautifully, but we have a lot of open areas, and it's too bad.Now, the previous caravans we've stopped. They're right now in Tijuana. I don't know what they're doing in Tijuana but they're not in our country, that I can tell you.Well, you're going to see at 3 o'clock. You'll see at 3 o'clock.Well, I hope that Speaker Pelosi can come along and realize what everybody knows. I mean, no matter who it is, they know that walls work. And we need walls. And whether it's personal or not -- it's not personal for me. She's being controlled by the radical left, which is a problem. And, you know, she's under total control of the radical left.I think that's a very bad thing for her. I think it's a very bad thing for the Democrats. Everybody knows that walls work. If you look at different places they put up a wall -- no problem. If you look at San Antonio, if you look at so many different places, they go from one of the most unsafe cities in the country to one of the safest cities immediately.Immediately. It works. We have to put them up and we will put them up. We got to.I think we're making a lot of progress. You know, we're building wall as we speak. Nobody covers that, and I understand that. But we're building wall as we speak. We're going to continue. This country cannot be secure. You have human traffickers. You have criminals of all kind. You have drug pushers and drug smugglers like at a level that people haven't seen over the last five or six years.It's gotten to a point nobody has seen anything like it. The Border Patrol has done an incredible job but we need the help and the backup of a wall. Okay.Yes, I thought it was -- I thought that the BuzzFeed piece and, maybe equally as bad, the coverage of the BuzzFeed phony story -- it was a total phony story. And I appreciate the Special Counsel coming out with a statement last night. I think it was very appropriate that they did so. I very much appreciate that.I think that the BuzzFeed piece was a disgrace to our country. It was a disgrace to journalism. And I think also that the coverage by the mainstream media was disgraceful. And I think it's going to take a long time for the mainstream media to recover its credibility. It's lost tremendous credibility. And believe me, that hurts me when I see that.I'm the President of this country. Media could pull this country together. It hurts me to say it, but mainstream media has truly lost its credibility. And I can say, as far as I'm concerned, from before the election, during the campaign, I said, "Wow, this is really crooked stuff. This is really dishonest reporting." When the New York Times apologized after the election for their bad coverage and their faulty coverage, and then they were wonderful for two weeks, and then they went back to being worse than ever before.And so many others. I'm not just blaming the Times. But the mainstream media has lost its credibility, and that's a very bad thing for our country. Thank you very much.Good morning. Beautiful -- it's beautiful. It's too bad they took the snow off the ground. It's too bad. It was more beautiful last night.I'll be going to New Orleans right now. I'm going to be speaking in front of our great farmers. I look forward to that. I did it last year, and I look forward to it. So we'll be back a little bit later. I believe -- I don't know if the weather changes things, but the Clemson championship team, the national championship team, will be coming tonight.It'll be exciting. A very great team. An unbelievable team. They'll be coming tonight. And I think we're going to serve McDonald's, Wendy's, and Burger King, with some pizza. I really mean it. It'll be interesting. And I would think that's their favorite food. So we'll see what happens. But they're coming tonight -- the national champions -- subject to the weather.So I've been here all weekend. A lot of the Democrats were in Puerto Rico, celebrating something. I don't know, maybe they're celebrating the shutdown. We have a very big crisis -- a humanitarian crisis -- on the border. Everybody knows it. They know it. And many of them are saying, "We agree with you." Many of them are calling, and many of them are breaking.The Republicans are rock solid. We've got to take care of our border. Many of the people -- they're all going to get their money. Many of the people that aren't being paid right now are in total agreement with us. You saw the Border Patrol agents. You saw what was happening. They're in total agreement with us. So we'll see how it all goes.I will tell you this: We have a priority. It's the safety of our nation. The southern border has been horrible for decades, and it's now -- because of the success of our country, it's now at a level that we cannot put up with. The Democrats have to do something. We need their votes. Otherwise, we can't solve it without their votes.They now control the House. Let's see if they can lead. I don't know that they can lead, but we're going to soon find out.What did you say?Well, that was a suggestion that Lindsey made. But I did -- I did reject it, yes. I'm not interested. I want to get it solved. I don't want to just delay it. I want to get it solved.I just don't know anything about it. I read it this morning; it's a lot of fake news. That was a very good meeting. It was actually a very successful meeting. And I have those meetings with everything. I just know nothing about it. It was a -- a very, very successful meeting. We talked about Israel. We talked about the pipeline, that Germany is paying Russia a lot of money; I don't think it's appropriate, and we talked about that.We talked about many subjects. But I have those meetings, one on one, with all leaders, including the President of China, including Prime Minister of Japan Abe. We have those meetings all the time. No big deal.I never worked for Russia, and you know that answer better than anybody. I never worked for Russia. Not only did I never work for Russia, I think it's a disgrace that you even asked that question because it's a whole big, fat hoax. It's just a hoax.Who?I don't -- I haven't been following it. I really haven't been following it.A deal with what?I don't know if we're close on a deal. This should be the easiest deal that I've ever seen. We're talking about border security. Who could be against it? We're talking about drugs pouring in -- human traffickers tying up women, putting tape on their mouth, and pouring into our country. We can't have that.We can't have that. We have drugs, we have criminals, we have gangs, and the Democrats don't want to do anything about it. They say, "Oh, it's immoral." But it wasn’t immoral three years ago, five years ago, six years ago, and ten years ago, when they all raised their hands to approve a wall. All of the sudden, it's immoral.It's immoral because -- one reason. Because they know they're going to lose in the 2020 election. That's the only reason, to them, it's immoral.Who did?Who cares. She's --We're doing very well with China. They're having a hard time with their economy because of the tariffs. We're doing very well with our economy. We're at records -- our unemployment numbers just hit a record, another record. We're doing extremely well, as a country. We're doing better than any country right now, anywhere in the world.China wants to negotiate. I have a great relationship with President Xi because it's good to have relationships with Russia, and China, and Japan, and India. And I have relationships with almost everybody, and that's a good thing, not a bad thing. I think that we are going to be able to do a deal with China.We are -- I can tell you, we are getting things that, before I became President, you would have had no chance of getting. They would have laughed at your President's face.The people that started that investigation are McCabe, who's a proven liar and was fired from the FBI; or Lisa Page, who was forced to leave the FBI, and her lover, Peter Stzrok, who -- we got their text messages, and what they said in those text messages was shocking, when you talk about bias. And also Comey.And I guess they started it because I fired Comey, which was a great thing I did for our country. So the people doing that investigation were people that have been caught that are known scoundrels. They're, in many -- I guess you could say they're "dirty cops." And I'll tell you what, it is so unfair what's happened to the FBI, in terms of the men and women working in the rank and file of the FBI. I know many of them.These are great people, and they are so embarrassed by their leadership. You've never seen -- I have never seen a turnaround in a bureau or agency like I have with the FBI. They are so embarrassed. I think 12 people now have been terminated. And others -- if you look at what's happening, others are going to go. What happened at the FBI -- So when you say, "Should I have confidence in the FBI or intelligence agencies?" When I see Ohr and I see all of these people; when I see Lisa and her lover, and their notes and their texts get captured, and you see what they said about me, having nothing to do with the investigation.Let me tell you something, when people see that, you have an angry country because the whole thing is a hoax. It's a big hoax, and it's very bad for our country. So what happened with the FBI -- I have done a great service for our country when I fired James Comey because he was a bad cop, and he was a dirty cop, and he lied.He really lied. And all you have to do --Wait a minute. And all you have to do is take a look at the crooked Hillary Clinton investigation, where they brought her on the July 4th weekend -- July 4th. They didn't swear her in. They didn't do any tapes. They didn't do anything. They just let her go. And she usually said, mostly said, "I don't know." She didn't know anything.Just like James Comey, a week ago. He was interviewed by Congress. And, you know, unfortunately, people didn't see it because the Republicans, with Paul Ryan, unfortunately, they didn't put him out there. But what he said was -- either he's a bad liar or he's grossly incompetent. Unfortunately, people didn't see it, but you can read the transcript.What?You know how I feel. Okay, we'll see you in --What?I'm not looking to call a national emergency. This is so simple, you shouldn't have to. Now, I have the absolute legal right to call it, but I'm not looking to do that because this is too simple. The Democrats should say, "We want border security." We have to build a wall, otherwise you can't have border security.And we should get on with our lives. The Democrats are stopping us, and they're stopping a lot of great people from getting paid. All they have to do is say, "We want border security." That automatically means a wall or a barrier. Thank you. I'll see you in New Orleans.Hello folks. So, we're going to Texas. We're going to the border. Just spoke with some of my friends in Arizona. We have tremendous support. The Republicans are extremely united. They all want to see something happen, but they're extremely united. And I don’t think I've ever seen unity like this in the Republican Party.The media -- which I call the "opposition party," a lot of the media -- in coordination with the Democrats, they're not talking about the Democrats folding. For instance, this morning, a number of people came out and said, "You do need very strong border security, and that includes a wall or whatever it is." A number of Democrats said that, but people don’t like to report on it. We have tremendous unity in the Republican Party.It's really a beautiful thing to see. I don’t think there will be any breakaway because they know we need border security and we have to have it. And the only you're going to have border security -- there's only way: You can have all the technology in the world. I'm a professional at technology. But if you don’t have a steel barrier or a wall of some kind -- strong, powerful -- you're going to have human trafficking; you're going to have drugs pouring across the border; you're going to have MS-13 and the gangs coming in. And we've done record apprehensions.We're doing a great job. But we need help. If we have the wall, we could have far fewer people working in terms of border security, and doing an even better job. So if we had the wall, we could have a tremendous saving. I really believe the steel barrier, or wall, would pay for itself every three or four months, and maybe even better than that, in terms of overall.So that's it. Just a couple of things, because I knew the fake news likes to say it. When -- during the campaign, I would say, "Mexico is going to pay for it." Obviously, I never said this and I never meant they're going to write out a check. I said, "They're going to pay for it." They are. They are paying for it with the incredible deal we made, called the United States, Mexico, and Canada USMCA deal.It's a trade deal. It has to be approved by Congress. It probably will be, other than maybe they even hold that up because they want to have -- you know, they want to do as much harm as they can, only because of the 2020 presidential election. So, Mexico is paying for the wall indirectly. And when I said Mexico will pay for the wall, in front of thousands and thousands of people, obviously they're not going to write a check.But they are paying for the wall indirectly, many, many times over, by the really great trade deal we just made. Congress has to approve the deal.Well, I intended to go and speak in front of the world financial community in Davos. That's still on. But if the shutdown continues -- which is in a while from now -- but if the shutdown continues, I won't go. I had planned to go. It's been very successful when I went. We have a great story to tell. We have the best job numbers we've ever had, in many ways.Certainly with African Americans, with Hispanic, with Asian Americans. And overall, we have the best job numbers in at least 50 years. We have a lot of great things happening. The economy is incredible. We're negotiating and having tremendous success with China. And I find China, frankly, in many ways, to be far more honorable than Cryin' Chuck and Nancy.I really do. I think that China is actually much easier to deal with than the opposition party.I have the absolute right to declare a national emergency. The lawyers have so advised me. I'm not prepared to do that yet. But if I have to, I will. I have no doubt about it; I will. I have the absolute right to declare. This was passed by Congress. So when you say, "Was it passed by Congress?" It was. Other Presidents have used it. Some fairly often.I have the absolute right to declare a national emergency. I haven’t done it yet. I may do it. If this doesn’t work out, probably I will do it. I would almost say definitely.This is a national emergency.Because I would like to do the deal through Congress, and because it makes sense to do it through Congress. But the easy route for me would have been call a national emergency and do it. And I will tell you, this is a tremendous crisis at the border. Look at President Obama's statements from the past. Numerous statements where he calls it a crisis.This is a crisis. You have human trafficking. You have drugs. You have criminals coming in. You have gangs, MS-13. We're taking them out by the thousand and bringing them back. This is a crisis. And they don’t come in at the checkpoint, which they do also, but they go in between the checkpoints, where you don’t have any barriers.Go ahead.If we don’t make a deal -- I mean, I would say 100 percent, but I don’t want to say 100 percent, because maybe something else comes up. But if we don’t make a deal, I would say it would be very surprising to me that I would not declare a national emergency and just fund it through the various mechanisms.And, by the way, there's more than one mechanism. There's various mechanisms. And the lawyers tell me 100 percent. It would be nice if we could make a deal. But dealing with these people is ridiculous. I don't know if they know how to make a deal. It's -- we need -- and I'll tell you what: A lot of Democrats -- I was looking at numbers -- a lot of Democrats agree, Steve, we need national security.And the only way you have it -- the only way you have it is you have to have a strong border. And the only way you have a strong border is you need a wall, or you need some kind of a steel -- go ahead, Gardiner.You need a -- Steve, you need a steel barrier. And if you don’t have a steel barrier, or a concrete wall, forget it.Well, that's a wall that was designed by previous administrations. There's nothing that can't be penetrated, but you fix it. But it's a very difficult thing to do. But that's a wall, and they have other walls. We have many walls under consideration. Even concrete -- there's acid that can go through concrete.But what you do is you fix it. And it very much limits. It's very, very hard. The wall that we're doing is very, very hard to penetrate.Well, the news incorrectly reported. Because I said, well, if we go back and everything is peachy- dory, and you say, "We'll talk over 30 days," at the end of 30 days, are you going to give us great border security, which includes a wall or a steel barrier. She said no. I didn’t pound on tables. I didn’t raise my voice.That was a lie. What you should do is give them Pinocchios. Because if you ask Mike Pence and you ask Kevin McCarthy -- you ask anybody in the room -- they will say -- because I know if I do that, you're going to report it. But you guys report it anyway because you're fake news. But let me just tell you something.I very calmly said, "If you're not going to give us strong borders, bye-bye." And I left. I didn’t rant. I didn’t rave, like you reported. I mean, some of the newspapers -- and then Schumer always has his standard lie: "He had a temper tantrum." I don’t have temper tantrums. I really don’t. But it plays to his narrative.But it's a lie. I very calmly walked out of the room. I didn’t smash the table. I should have, but I didn’t smash the table. And that's the story. So with all of that --Wait. All of that narrative is a lie.Well, we'll see.Let me tell you, I think there's far more pressure on them, because the people of our country want security. We want to be a secure country. We don’t want drugs pouring in. Most of our drugs come in through the southern border. And they don’t come in through the portals; they come in between the portals where you have no barrier.Say it?Well, you know who has more human pain? The parents of people who had children killed by an illegal immigrant that should have never been in the country. You know who has more human pain? The husband that lost a wife, or the wife that lost the husband to an illegal immigrant that came in five or six times, that shouldn’t be here.That's the human pain. And the people that will be paid, but maybe a little bit later, those people, many of them are on my side. They want to see border security.And, by the way, NBC may be -- NBC may be the most dishonest reporters of all time.I have no idea what they're doing. Go ahead. Next question.I can't hear you.We have plenty of funds that. If there's a national emergency, there's a lot of funds.If we declare a national emergency, we have a tremendous amount of funds -- tremendous -- if we want to do that, if we want to go that route. Again, there is no reason why we can't come to a deal. But you have another side that doesn’t care about border security. The Democrats -- which I've been saying all along -- they don’t give a damn about crime.They don’t care about crime. They don’t care about gang members coming in and stabbing people, and cutting people up. They don’t care about crime. And if they're not going to care about crime, then I agree they shouldn’t do anything at the border. But I care about crime and I care about drugs. We're spending a fortune on trying to stop drugs, and they pour in through the border.But I see it more now than ever before. The Democrats don't care about the border and they don’t care about crime.Say it? Say it?Oh, it began a long time. Ask President Obama. Obama used to call it a crisis at the border, too. I think he said it in 2014. Look, look. You can all play cute. And I say 80 percent of you are possibly in coordination with the opposition party. I mean, the whole thing is ridiculous. All you have to do is look at the border.Rent a helicopter -- except you don't want to know the truth -- and watch. And, by the way, here's the story: There is another major caravan forming right now in Honduras. And so far -- we're trying to break it up. But so far, it's bigger than anything we've seen. And a drone isn't going to stop it. And a sensor isn't going to stop it. But you know what's going to stop it in its tracks?A nice, powerful wall.The buck stops with everybody. They could solve this problem in literally 15 minutes. We could be back. We could have border security. They could stop this problem in 15 minutes if they wanted to. I really believe now that they don't want to. I really believe that. I really believe that they don't care about crime.I really believe this. The Democrats don't care about crime. They've been taken over by a group of young people who, frankly, in some cases -- I've been watching -- I actually think they're crazy. But they've been taken over by a group that is so far left. I really don't think they care about crime. And, you know, sadly, they're viewing this as the beginning of the 2020 presidential race, and that's okay with me. But they have been taken over by a group of people that don't care about gangs.They don't care about human trafficking and drugs. They don't care about anything. I'll tell you what -- they have gone crazy.We have to get a win or I'll have to go national security. One or the other. Either we're going to win -- either we're going to win or make a compromise. I'm okay to making a compromise. Compromise is in my vocabulary very strongly. So we're either going to have a win, make a compromise -- because I think a compromise is a win for everybody.Or I will declare a national emergency.Very, very --This is a thing that the lawyers tell me is 100 percent. You just have to read the language. Just read the language.We'll have to see. There's been no collusion whatsoever. We'll have to see.No, I didn't know anything about it. Nothing about it.Well, I wish him luck.I wish him luck. It's going to be a beauty.We have great Republican support, as you know. You know, you're just making that up. But we have tremendous Republican support. I don't think the Democrats have great support because they all know we need border security. We need to have people stop being killed at our border. And the Democrats are losing a lot of support.Last night was a big victory for Republicans but it was really a big victory for America, for our country. The Democrats have lost support. There is tremendous Republican support -- unwavering -- as you probably know. Thank you.We need border security. We will have border security. Tremendous Republican support. And I think we're going to win. We need --Listen, we need border security. Very simple.Whatever it takes.Well, what you should do is take a look at last night and see the results this morning. The people know we need border security. Thank you very much.I would say that we have a very, very unified party. Mitch has been fantastic. Everybody in that room was fantastic. There was no reason for me even to be there. I knew that before we went. But the Republicans want border security. They want national security. They want to have a steel barrier or a wall of concrete.They don't care. But I'll use any term they want. We need a barrier to stop the human traffickers and the drug trade, and to stop all of the big problems that come, including gangs. They don't come through your checkpoints; they come through areas where you have hundreds of miles without walls and without barriers, or without strong fences.So the Republican Party, I can say -- and I just left an hour meeting. We had a great time, actually. There was no discussion about anything other than solidarity. We want national security and border security for our country.Thank you very much.Well, I may do that at some point. If Chuck and Nancy -- who I'm meeting with, I believe in a little while -- if they don't agree to the fact that our country has really got problems with crime, with drugs, with a lot of other things that come through our southern border -- so much of it comes through the southern border.If you look at heroin, 90 percent through the southern border. So much. So many problems. And if they can't get that through, or if they feel that, politically -- I don't know why it's good politically. You know, I don't care politically. I'm doing what's right for the country. But I'll tell you, it's a very bad political issue for the Democrats.That I can tell you.We talked about -- a couple talked about stra- -- you know, a couple talked about strategy. But they're with us all the way. They're with us all the way. I mean, I just want -- because, you know, the fake give the fake news. And I just want to tell you that the Republicans are totally unified. Now, if you would have asked the same question to the Democrats -- you let me know, in some of those districts where I won or that are a little bit more towards sanity -- you want them to run; say we don't want border security?You got plenty of Democrats that do not want to be in this battle. You have a lot of Democrats. The Republicans are unified. We want border security. We want safety for our country. And, you know, for 25 years they've been trying to do this. This has been passed. Chuck Schumer has raised his hand so many different times.I could give you 15 speeches that he made, but I don't think you'd really enjoy them that much. But I could give you 15 speeches. He talked about border security, no different than me. Border security. That's all he talked about is border security. The only reason they're against it is because I won the presidency, and they think they can try and hurt us going into the presidency.But that's not going to happen. And we don't give up, because we're doing -- we're doing the right thing for our country. Okay?You know why it's gone down? Because of good management. Because of me and my people. Because we've managed it well.But it is brutal. We have more people coming up. You have caravans. Nobody ever heard of a caravan. It's gone down. And we have kept it down because we're managing it well. But we can never do a great job unless we have a wall or a barrier. And I mean a real barrier, not a little barrier that doesn't work.And if you don't have that, you can -- but it's only down because we do a great job and we work very hard at it. And I have incredible people -- Border Patrol people, ICE. The military is helping. I called out the military. We needed help. And that's why it's gone down. Thank you, everybody.So the job numbers were fantastic. The best numbers we've had in many years. It shocked Wall Street analysts. It didn't shock me. I know what's going on. But the job numbers were beyond anybody's expectations. Really, hundreds of thousands more than your top picks. So that was a great thing. One of the elements of job numbers is, if you remember, the past administration said you'd need a wand to bring back manufacturing jobs.Well, manufacturing jobs are coming back at a very high level. We had a tremendous manufacturing jobs report, and we're very happy to see that. We've worked very hard. We have many companies coming back into the United States; many car companies going to Michigan, going to Pennsylvania, going to Ohio, and other places.But they're coming back into the United States. In most cases, they've left, and now they're coming back in. So we're very happy about that. I'm going to Camp David. We'll be discussing many topics: North Korea; the China trade deal, which is coming along very well. Both of those subjects coming along very, very well.We'll obviously be discussing the wall, which is desperately needed, even if you read some of the papers that don't report accurately, of which there are many. But a couple in particular, they say that the surge to come into our country has never been stronger. And it's very unfair to people that want to come in legally.But the surge has never been stronger. And we have to build a wall, or we have to build a barrier. The barrier, or the wall, can be of steel instead of concrete, if that helps people. It may be better. But I'm willing to do that so our great steel companies -- which are now back in business -- they were very, very -- they were doing very poorly when I took office, and now they're doing very well.A lot of steel workers working that never had a chance of getting a job in the steel industry again. Our steel industry was dying, and now it's very vibrant. I intend to call the head of United States Steel and a couple of other of our great steel companies to have them come up with a plate or a design of a beautiful steel product, which we now make here, and we'll use that as our barrier.So we're trying to do everything possible to get money to our incredible people, but many of those incredible people agree with me and they say, "Make sure you win this battle." This is a very important battle to win, from the standpoint of safety, number one; defining our country and who we are; also from the standpoint of dollars.This wall will pay for itself many times during the course of a year. The money we're talking about is very small compared to the return. You'll receive a return many times during the course of the year. That's the kind of numbers we're talking about. But most importantly, it's about safety; it's about security for our country.It's about stopping human traffickers. It's about stopping drugs. So we have to have it. Got to have it. But we have no choice. It's not a question. You think I like doing this? I don't like doing this. But we have no choice. We have to have it.I can relate. And I'm sure that the people that are on the receiving end will make adjustment. They always do. And they'll make adjustment. People understand exactly what's going on. But many of those people that won't be receiving a paycheck, many of those people agree 100 percent with what I'm doing. And I will tell you, I just saw a poll -- 75 percent -- it was on Fox.But I just a saw a poll -- 75 percent, that immigration is so important. And it is. It's a very big issue.I can't hear you.I may declare a national emergency dependent on what's going to happen over the next few days. We have a meeting. Vice President Pence and a group will be going to a certain location that you know where that is, and they'll be having another meeting. I don't expect to have anything happen at that meeting, but I think we'll have -- nor does the Vice President.But I think we're going to have some very serious talks come Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. We have to have border security. If we don't have border security, we're going to be crime-ridden, and it's going get worse and worse. It was so sad watching the funeral of the slain police officer yesterday -- Officer Singh.That was a very sad thing. But this is going on in many places. Over the course of -- if you go back to the year 2000, we have thousands of people that have been killed by illegal immigration, by people coming into the country illegally, and killing our citizens. We can't have it. We can't have it.We'll see what happens. We'll see whether or not it's settled.I will say this: I have tremendous support within the Republican Party. If you look at Congress, you saw -- with all of the numbers, you saw just a very small group of people voting. And it wasn't really against; it was a vote to open. It wasn't against. Because I think everybody agrees -- frankly, the Democrats agree that you need border security.They agree that you need a barrier. I put out a quote this morning of Barack Obama; I put out a quote this morning of Hillary Clinton in 2015 -- that was a few years ago -- strongly saying that you need a border to keep illegals out. And that's what you have to have. But it's not just illegals. It's criminals.It's drugs. It's the new phenomena that's been age-old, been going on for thousands of years, but it's never been worse than now because of the Internet. Human trafficking -- where they grab women, put tape over their mouth, come through our border, and sell them. And they go both ways, in both directions.Now, they don't go through a port of entry. They'd be caught. But they go up where there's no wall. They make a right; they go to Mexico. Look, we better get smart. Human trafficking is a big business. It's a big deal. Dealing in children is a big deal. Children are probably the most harmed by not having the wall or its equivalent.But if you look at the human trafficking, they come in, they nab women, they grab them, they put tape over their mouth, they ties their hands, and they take them to another country, and they go right over that border. If we had a powerful wall, or its equivalent, they wouldn't be able to do it because they'd have to go through ports of entry.Look, I can say this: Everybody is playing games. But I can say this: I think that the Democrats want to make a deal. I really do. I feel that.We'll call it something different. I don't think I have to. That's for this year. We'll call it -- excuse me. We'll call it something different. A lot of work has been done on the wall. There's been tremendous renovation. And if you look in San Diego, there's been new wall built, which doesn't get reported.I don't know why. You don't want to report it. But take a look at San Diego and other areas. We've had new wall built. But we can do much more if they give us the money to do it. But a lot of work has already been done. You know, when they say "build the wall," I don't say that anymore. I say "finish the wall." Because we have done a lot of work.If you know, the billion-six and a billion-six, for two years, it had language in that really allows you to build a certain amount of wall, but mostly renovate existing wall. We've renovated a lot of walls, and they've done a very good job.So we'll see what DACA -- what happens with DACA. DACA is, right now, before the United States Supreme Court. If the Court does what most great legal scholars think they'll do, they won't give President Obama, or President Trump, the power to do what President Obama did. And if that happens, it will be a great thing for our country.You know why? Because we'll work out a deal very fast with the Democrats, on DACA. We'll work out a deal very quickly with Democrats, on DACA.We're waiting for the Supreme Court decision.We'll see how long the shutdown goes on. Look, this shutdown could end tomorrow, and it could also go on for a long time. It depends -- it's really dependent on the Democrats.It's really depending on the Democrats.Well, we're going to see how we do here. And everybody knows -- all you have to do is read today's Washington Post. And you see where big surges of people are coming in and trying to get through the border. Some of that -- a lot of that is my fault. You know why. Because I've created such a great economy that people are pouring up to try and get jobs.So you could say it's my fault. And I want people to come in, but they have to come in legally. They have to come in legally. They can't come in the way they're coming in. Because criminals are coming in; human traffickers are coming in; drug dealers are coming in. We can't have it.Our economy is doing so well. Nobody understands how well our economy is doing. Our economy is doing so well. And don't forget, I'm paying interest. I didn't have funny money to play with. President Obama had zero interest. I have interest to pay. And now, a lot of people that weren't getting interest in their money for many years -- you understand -- they're now actually getting interest on their money.But he was playing with funny money because there was no interest. We're playing with paying interest, like, in all fairness, you're supposed to be doing.The China talks are going very well. I spoke to President Xi recently. I really believe they want to make a deal. The tariffs have absolutely hurt China very badly. But our country is taking in a lot of money through tariffs. A lot of money. A lot of tariffs; steel-dumping tariffs and others. But I think China wants to get it resolved.Their economy is not doing well. They're down close to 38 percent. That's a lot. And I think that gives them a great incentive to negotiate. But we're doing very well with China. My relationship with President Xi is as good as any relationship that a President here has had with a president or leader in China.And I think good things are going to happen. Now, I say this: North Korea, we're doing very well. And again, no rockets. There's no rockets. There's no anything. We're doing very well. I've indirectly spoken to Chairman Kim. And when I came here, this country was headed to war with North Korea. And now we have a very good dialogue going.Very good. We have -- with North Korea, we have a very good dialogue. I'm going to not go any further than that. I'm just going to say it's very special. And anybody else but me, you'd be in war right now. And I can tell you, the previous administration would have been in war right now if that was extended.You would, right now, be in a nice, big, fat war in Asia with North Korea if I wasn't elected President.We're negotiating a location. It will be announced probably in the not-too-distant future. They have made it very clear -- in fact, they've actually said to the media that they would like to meet. And they do want to meet, and we want to meet, and we'll see what happens. But the sanctions remain in full force, in effect.And they will until we have some very positive proof. But I will tell you, we are doing very well with North Korea, and we're also doing very well with China, on trade. The other one is Iran. Iran is doing very poorly, once I took the horrible Iran nuclear deal off. It's had a massive effect in Iran. They're pulling back troops all over the place.They're not doing well. They want to talk.In Syria, we've had a tremendous impact. When I went there -- don't forget, when they went to Syria five years ago, they were supposed to be there for three to four months, and they never came out. We are pulling back in Syria. We're going to be removing our troops. I never said we're doing it that quickly.But we're decimating ISIS. When I was elected President two years ago, ISIS was all over Syria and all over Iraq. We've wiped out ISIS in Iraq. We've wiped out ISIS. And we're doing it for two reasons. We're really doing it because we don't want them coming here, just so we understand. But we're doing it for a number of reasons.Now, we're helping other countries when we do that too. You have to remember, Iran hates ISIS more than we do, if that's possible. Russia hates ISIS more than we do. Turkey hates ISIS, maybe not as much as we do. But these are countries that hate ISIS. And they can do a little of the fighting in their neighborhood also, because we're fighting them in their neighborhood.But with that being said, we're pulling out of Syria, but we're doing it and we won't be finally pulled out until ISIS is gone.It's going quickly.John Bolton is, right now, over there, as you know. And I have two great stars. And John Bolton is doing a great job, and Mike Pompeo is doing a great job. They're very strong and they work hard. And, as you know, they're doing things that are very -- very good. We're coming up with some very good results.Well, I'm in no hurry. I have Acting. And my Actings are doing really great. David is doing great at Interior. Mick Mulvaney is doing great as Chief of Staff. But I sort of like Acting. It gives me more flexibility. Do you understand that? I like Acting. So we have a few that are Acting. We have a great, great Cabinet.If you look at my Cabinet, we have a fantastic Cabinet. Really good.I think we're doing a great job in the shutdown negotiation. We have no choice. Look, there will be -- there will be --Excuse me. I'm totally involved, but I'm involved with principals. Because ultimately, it's going to be solved by the principals. Schumer and Nancy Pelosi and myself can solve this in 20 minutes, if they want to. If they don't want to, it's going to go on for a long time. I will tell you this: If we don't find a solution, it's going to go on for a long time.There's not going to be any bend right here. And the people that voted for Donald Trump, which are a lot of people -- one of the great elections ever -- those people are for it so much. And let me tell you: People that didn't vote for Donald Trump are for it also. They want border security. They want to stop human trafficking.They want to stop drugs. They want to stop crime.I will be making the State of the Union on January 29th. And I look forward to it. I look forward to it. And I look forward to speaking, really, before the world. We have a lot of great things to say. Our country is doing better than any country in the world, right now. Our military is almost completely rebuilt.When I took it over, it was a mess. It was depleted. Our trade deals are going great. We have a deal with Mexico, with Canada, with South Korea. We're negotiating with Europe, the European Union. We're negotiating with China, which is, by far, the biggest of them all. We're doing very, very well. Very, very well.Yeah, we're looking into that. We're looking into that. Yeah.Look, they have to do what they have to do. But many of those workers agree with me. And I think, frankly, there's been very little of that so far, as you know. Very, very little. Okay, any more? Thank you, everybody.I don't like doing this. I have no fun doing this. I was elected to protect our country. That's what I'm doing. And Presidents before me have all voted for this, or many of them. And many of the senators that I'm negotiating with right now have voted for this. But let me tell you something: They didn't have the guts do it, just like they didn't have the guts to move the embassy to Jerusalem, in Israel.They didn't have the guts to do things that they should have done. Just like they didn't take out ISIS. Just like so many other things. I was voted 306 to 223 -- or something like that -- by a lot. I was voted to be your President, partially because of security. It's a big part of what I talked about. Not only the wall; the military and lots of other things.I think -- I think I've done a great job.I think I've done a great job. I'm getting credit from the real news for doing a great job. But border security is a big part of that. We also have to stop drugs.Listen. We also have to stop drugs. If we don't stop drugs soon -- there has never been a time, over the last 10 years -- and it's gotten worse and worse over the last five. There has never been a time when our country was so infested with so many different drugs coming from so many different locations. And I believe that President Xi, in China, when he made the pledge to me to criminalize fentanyl, I believe that's going to go a long way to helping us. I'm going to Camp David.Thank you.You haven't had enough. You haven't had enough.So, we've been in touch with a lot of people, and I informed my folks to say that we'll build a steel barrier. Steel. It'll be made out of steel. It'll be less obtrusive, and it'll be stronger. But it'll be less obtrusive, stronger, and we're able to use our great companies to make it, by using steel. So we're going to be doing a steel barrier, and that gives us great strength at the border.I would consider DACA, but I think we'd complicate it. I'd rather have the Supreme Court rule and then work with the Democrats on DACA. I want to help with DACA, but I'd rather have -- because, you know, it's going to be before the Supreme Court very soon. And rather than doing something with DACA -- now, frankly, I'd rather work with the Democrats.Let the Supreme Court rule first.No, we're looking at a national emergency, because we have a national emergency. Just read the papers. We have a crisis at the border of drugs, of human beings being trafficked all over the world. They're coming through. And we have an absolute crisis, and of criminals and gang members coming through. It is national security.It's a national emergency.We'll be letting you know fairly soon.Well, we have a lot of different ways. I'm not going to get into that. I'm just saying, we are looking at it very strongly, but hopefully we can do it this way. And as I told you, it's going to be a steel border, and that's going to give us great strength.They don't like concrete, so we'll give them steel. Steel is fine. Steel is actually -- steel is actually more expensive than concrete, but it will look beautiful and it's very strong. It's actually stronger.I think they will make an adjustment because they want to see the border taken care of. You know, government workers want to see the border taken care of. It affects them very dearly.They love our country, and they want to make sure that we have a strong border.Say it?I don't know if Democrats or not. Probably, in this case, a lot of them are Democrats. You have a lot of Republicans too. But regardless -- I mean, that's the way it is. Those people are great Americans. They're great patriots. They want to make sure we have a strong border. Very important.Well, we're looking at everything.It'll all work out. What we need is we need a strong border. We have criminals coming in. We have human traffickers coming in. We have drugs pouring in. We have things happening that you don't want to even know about. And it's been that way for decades, and we can't have it anymore. And because of the strength of our economy -- the stronger it is -- it's probably the greatest economy we've ever had.And because of that, it's happening even more so. We have to stop it. Thank you, everybody. Have a good day. Thank you.We're looking to expand Arlington National Cemetery by acquiring land around it, and it's working out pretty well. We're working very hard on it. We'll get it done. They need it.They need it. [Shakes hands]Well, it was a big ruling. It's a great ruling for our country. We'll be able to get great healthcare. We'll sit down with the Democrats if the Supreme Court upholds. We'll be sitting down with the Democrats and we'll get great healthcare for our people. Let's say repeal and replace, handled a little bit differently.But it was a big, big victory by a highly-respected judge, highly, highly respected in Texas, and on the assumption that the Supreme Court upholds, we will get great, great healthcare for our people. We'll have to sit down with the Democrats to do it, but I'm sure they want to do it also. Thank you very much.Hi everybody. So, I'm going now to the Army-Navy game. I think we're going to flip a coin, and I know both teams are gonna do great.General Mark Milley, as you know, was just appointed to the head of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, to be determined date. A little bit later in the year. They usually give quite a bit of notice for a lot of reasons. Mark Milley, he's a great gentleman. He's a great Patriot. He's a great soldier, and I look forward to that.On the Mueller situation, we're very happy with what we are reading, because there was no collision whatsoever. There never has been. The last thing I want is help from Russia on a campaign.You should ask Hillary Clinton about Russia, because she financed the fake dossier, which I understand they tried to get some information and help from Russia. But, you want to ask them about that very one-sided situation.But I think it's all turning around very nicely. But as far as the report that we see according to everybody I've spoken to, I have not read it, there's absolutely no collusion, which is very important.Go ahead.No, no, no.Say it?John Kelly will be leaving, retire -- I don't know if I can stay retiring, but, he's a great guy. John Kelly will be leaving at the end of the year. We'll be announcing who will be taking John's place. It might be on an interim basis, I'll be announcing that over the next day or two, but John will be leaving at the end of the year.He's been with me almost two years now, as you know, between the two positions. So, uh, we're probably going to see him in a little while. But John Kelly --Ready, are you ready? So, John Kelly will be leaving toward the end of the year, at the end of the year, and I appreciate his service very much. Thank you. Thank you all.So I'll be going to Kansas City. We'll be traveling to Missouri. I'm making a speech on law enforcement. Very important subject. I want to confirm that Bill Barr, one of the most respected jurists in the country, highly respected lawyer, former Attorney General under the Bush administration, a terrific man, a terrific person, a brilliant man.I did not know him for -- until recently, when I went through the process of looking at people, and he was my first choice from day one. Respected by Republicans and respected by Democrats. He will be nominated for the United States Attorney General and hopefully that process will go very quickly, and I think it will go very quickly, and I've seen very good things about him, even over the last day or so, when people thought that it might be Bill Barr.So Bill Bar will be nominated or the United States Attorney General position. I think he will serve with great distinction. I also want to inform you that Heather Nauert, somebody that we know very well, who's done a great job at the -- as, as working with Mike Pompeo and others over at the State Department.Heather Nauert will be nominated. She's going to work with Nikki Haley to replace Nikki at the United Nations. She'll be Ambassador to the United Nations. She's very talented, very smart, very quick, and I think she's going to be respected by all. So Heather Nauert will be nominated for the Ambassador to the United Nations.Those are two very big ones. I have another one for tomorrow that I'm going to be announcing at the Army/Navy game. I can give you a little hint. It will have to do with the Joint Chiefs of Staff and succession, and I look forward to telling you, and I'll see you later. I'll see you in Kansas City.It's an incredible deal. It goes down, certainly -- if it happens, it goes down as one of the largest deals ever made. It's a deal between the United States and China made by the President and the President. And it'll have an incredibly positive impact on farming, meaning agriculture, industrial products, computers -- every type of product.And what I'd be doing is holding back on tariffs. China will be opening up. China will be getting rid of tariffs. You know, China right now has major trade barriers -- they're major tariffs -- and also major non-tariff barriers, which are brutal. China will be getting rid of many of them. And China will be buying massive amounts of product from us, including agricultural from our farmers -- tremendous amount of agricultural and other products.So it's been really something. You may also want to say that the President has agreed that if the Qualcomm deal that they rejected -- which was one of the larger deals of its kind, which China rejected -- if that deal came back to him, he would most likely approve it quickly, which is a big thing. And North Korea, which we didn't get into, we've agreed that we will work very strongly on North Korea.I have a very good relationship with Kim Jong Un. And we will -- and don't forget, we've been doing that for what -- six, seven months? Not a long time. People have been working on that one for 80 years, right? From the beginning. And 20 years with the nuclear -- you know, if you just take the nuclear. But he is agreeing to work with me 100 percent on North Korea, and that's a big thing, too.So you add the fentanyl along with -- because what he will be doing to fentanyl could be a game changer for the United States and what fentanyl is doing to our country in terms of killing people. Because he's agreed to put it at the highest level of crime in his country. Therefore, if they get caught, they have the highest level of punishment.That could be a game changer. That's a big -- to me, that's a very big thing.We're going to do one fairly -- you know, into January, February, I think. We're getting along very well. We have a good relationship.At some point, yeah.Who?We have actually talked about three sites. We haven't determined the sites.Within plane distance. This is -- this plane --This sucker flies -- by the way, what we're doing with this plane is, Peter -- Come on up here. So, what we're doing -- he was at the meeting and you thought it was pretty good?So what we're doing with the plane -- we land, and then they come in and these are great people that run these aircraft. They are unbelievable. And they're taking apart -- I don't think this section.The section up front, they're taking all of the seats out. They're putting -- and we're taking -- we're sending the plane -- this plane to Houston. And it picks up the casket -- President Bush -- which is good.Ready? I will be formally terminating NAFTA shortly. Just so you understand, when I do that, if for any reason we're unable to make the deal, that's [Inaudible] -- because Congress, then Congress will have a choice of approving the USMCA, which is a phenomenal deal. Much, much better than NAFTA. A great deal.So we'll be terminating NAFTA in the not-too-distant future. We are delaying it.Say that it's a six-month term, and I'll be -- I'll be terminating it within a relatively short period of time. We get rid of NAFTA. It's been a disaster for the United States. It's caused us tremendous amounts of unemployment and loss and company loss and everything else.That'll be terminated. And so Congress will have a choice of the USMCA or pre-NAFTA, which worked very well. You got out, you negotiate your deals. It worked very well. Okay? Thank you.Well, let's leave that. But we -- if they come to me, which they already have, and they said, "You know, Mr. President...""They." People that are in Congress. The folks. The folks that you know better than I even know them, okay. No, if they come -- which they have -- to talk about an extension because of President Bush's passing, I would absolutely consider it and probably give it. Thank you everybody.So Michael Cohen has made many statements to the House, as I understand it, and the Senate. He put out a statement talking about a project, which was essentially, I guess, more or less of an option that we were looking at in Moscow. Everybody knew about it. It was written about in newspapers. It was a well-known project.It was during the early part of '16 and, I guess, even before that. It lasted a short period of time. I didn't do the project. I decided not to do the project. So I didn't do it. So we're not talking about doing a project; we're talking about not doing a project. Michael Cohen, what he's doing is -- he was convicted, I guess.You'll have to put it into legal terms. But he was convicted with a fairly long-term sentence on things totally unrelated to the Trump Organization -- having to do with mortgages, and having to do with cheating the IRS perhaps. A lot of different things. I don't know exactly, but he was convicted of various things unrelated to us. He was given a fairly long jail sentence.And he's a weak person. And by being weak, unlike other people that you watch -- he is a weak person. And what he's trying to do is get a reduced sentence. So he's lying about a project that everybody knew about. I mean, we were very open with it. We were thinking about building a building. I guess we had -- in a form, it was an option.I don't know what you'd call it. We decided -- I decided ultimately not to do it. There would have been nothing wrong if I did do it. If I did do it, there would have been nothing wrong. That was my business.So he's lying, very simply, to get a reduced sentence. Okay?I don't know when I decided, but somewhere during the period of time. I was never very enthused. Somewhere during the period -- because I was running for President. My focus was running for President. But I -- when I run for President, that doesn't mean I'm not allowed to do business. I was doing a lot of different things when I was running.After I won, obviously I don't do business, when -- from January 20th -- but more importantly -- which is a following year. But I ran a business. In fact, I often joke about the fact that I was the only person that campaigned and simultaneously ran a business. But that was -- that was a project that we didn't do, I didn't do. That was a project that wasn't done for a lot of reasons.Number one is that I was really -- not that I had to do it -- but I was focused on running for President. I wanted that to be my primary focus, not running or building a building.Well, this was a deal that didn't happen. That was no deal. I mean, if you look, this was an option -- I guess, I don't if I want to -- I want to be very specific. So -- but, to my way of thinking, it was an option that I decided not to do.So we didn't. So if you look, we really didn't have --Excuse me.So -- excuse me. Excuse me. This was an option, in a form, but here's very simple: We had a position to possibly do a deal to build a building of some kind in Moscow. I decided not to do it. The primary reason -- there could have been other reasons. But the primary reason, it was very simple: I was focused on running for President.There would be nothing wrong if I did do it. I was running my business while I was campaigning. There was a good chance that I wouldn't have won, in which case I would have gotten back into the business. And why should I lose lots of opportunities? So here's the story: Go back and look at the paper that Michael Cohen wrote before he testified in the House and/or Senate.It talked about his position. What he's trying to do -- because he's a weak person and not a very smart person. What he's trying to do is end -- and it's very simple. He's got himself a big prison sentence, and he's trying to get a much lesser prison sentence by making up a story. Now, here's the thing: Even if he was right, it doesn't matter because I was allowed to do whatever I wanted during the campaign.I was running my business -- a lot of different things -- during the campaign. So, very simply, Michael Cohen is lying and he's trying to get a reduced sentence for things that have nothing to do with me. Now, let me go a step further: I think you should go back to -- I think it was January. It was just reported very well by Catherine Herridge, who's a terrific reporter on Fox.She talks about a letter that he signed. I don't even remember it. And it specifically talks about this deal. This deal was a very public deal. Everybody knows about this deal. I wasn't trying to hide anything. Okay.I cannot understand you.Well, we're going to talk about it, but we have a lot of -- we have a lot of things to talk about. Jeff.I think we're very close to doing something with China, but I don't know that I want to do it because what we have right now is billions and billions of dollars coming into the United States in the form of tariffs or taxes. So I really don't know. But I will tell you that I think China wants to make a deal.I'm open to making a deal. But, frankly, I like the deal we have right now.I probably will be meeting with President Putin. We haven't terminated that meeting. I was thinking about it, but we haven't. They'd like to have it.I think it's a very good time to have the meeting. I'm getting a full report on the plane as to what happened with respect to that, and that will determine what I'm going to be doing. Okay? Thank you.Well, I have a couple of reports. We're getting a finalized report. Are you talking about on the Russian situation ---- with the ship ---- and the Ukraine? Yeah, we're getting a finalized report. I'm going to have it on the plane sometime today.It just wasn't set up.It only wasn't set up. I mean, I would -- I would have met with him but we didn't set that one up.I'm meeting with President Xi, which is a very important meeting having to do with trade. And, as you know, I'm making about three or four meetings. We just didn't have time.I'm going to bring it up. Yes.I don't hear you. You have to talk. You got -- see that? You have a helicopter.No, the question was asked yesterday about pardons, with respect to Paul Manafort, who -- it's very sad what's happened to Paul, the way he's bring treated. I've never seen anybody treated so poorly. But the question was asked to me by the New York Post. And I said, "No, I have not offered any pardons." And I think they asked -- or whatever -- "Would you?" I said, "I'm not taking anything off the table." That was done as a question from the New York Post.Go ahead.Because, a long time ago, he did me a favor. A long time ago, he did me a favor.No, not at all. Not at all. I'm not worried at all about him. You just take a look at his written document. Go back, take a look at what he wrote in, I think, January. He has a written statement. And I -- that's the fact. Yeah.I don't know what -- you know, you can't -- with the helicopter.Say it.A possible shutdown -- if we don't get the wall money. A very possible --We're in negotiation. If we don't get border security, possible shutdown. See you all.Not good. We're not happy about it at all. Not at all. We've let our position be known, and we're not happy about it.Well, Mexico wants to see if they can get it straightened out. But we've, during certain times, as you know, closed the border. They're not coming into the United States. They will not be coming into our country.Well, we don't like it. I believe they'll be opening up something else. And -- I was very tough. I spoke with her when I heard they were closing. And I said, "You know, this country has done a lot for General Motors. You better get back in there soon. That's Ohio, and you better get back in there soon." So we have a lot of pressure on them.You have senators, you have a lot of other people -- a lot of pressure. They say the Chevy Cruze is not selling well. I say, "Well, then get somebody -- get a car that is selling well and put it back in." So I think you're going to see something else happen there, but I'm not happy about it. Their car is not selling well.So they'll put something else -- I have no doubt that, in a not-too-distant future, they'll put something else. They better put something else in.Jon, go ahead.I've seen it, I've read some of it, and it's fine.Yeah. I don't believe it.No. No. I don't believe it. And here's the other thing -- you're going to have to have China, and Japan, and all of Asia, and all of these other countries -- you know, it -- it addresses our country. Right now, we're at the cleanest we've ever been, and that's very important to me. But if we're clean but every other place on Earth on is dirty, that's not so good.So I want clean air. I want clean water. Very important.They're not. As you know, they're not. They had to use because they were being rushed by some very tough people, and they used tear gas. And here's the bottom line: Nobody is coming into our country unless they come in legally. Go ahead.Well, I know her. I know her. And I know she apologized and she misspoke. But I will tell you this: I've known her, for a period of time now, as a senator. She's been an excellent senator; she's done a great job. She's somebody that's respected in the Senate. And I'm going there -- I'm going to make, I guess, two rallies, on top of everything else.So we're going to do two, and I hope you're all coming.I have. I have.She felt very badly. She certainly didn't mean that. And, you know, it was taken a certain way, but she certainly didn't mean it. And as I understand it, she's already apologized and very strongly.Say it again. What?Yeah, so I'll tell you what. Obama had a separation policy; we all had the same policy.I tried to do it differently, but Obama had a separation policy. But people don't like to talk about that.Sounds like a great deal for the EU. And I think we have to do this --I think we have to take a look at, seriously, whether or not the UK is allowed to trade. Because, you know, right now, if you look at the deal, they may not be able to trade with us, and that wouldn't be a good thing. I don't think they meant that. I don't think that the Prime Minister meant that, and hopefully she'll be able to do something about that.But, right now, as the deal stands, she may not -- they may not be able to trade with the U.S. And I don't think they want that at all. That would be a very big negative for the deal.We do not like what's happening either way. We don't like what's happening. And hopefully, it will get straightened out. I know Europe is not -- they are not thrilled. They're working on it too. We're all working on it together.We didn't. We don't use it on children.What?I did. I spoke to her and I expressed the fact that I am not happy with what she did. You know, the United States saved General Motors, and for her to take that company out of Ohio is not good. I think she's going to put something back in soon. That car is not selling. It's a Cruze -- Chevy Cruze. It's not selling.But hopefully, she's going to come back and she's going to put something. But I told her I'm not happy about it at all.No, not tariffs. It had nothing to do with tariffs. She said the car was not selling.Which one? With China?I could. I mean, it could happen. We have a good relationship.Here's what the bottom line is: China has to treat us fairly. They haven't been. They have to treat us fairly. Okay? Thank you.So we're going now to the southern White House. We have a lot of work we're going to be doing in Florida. We had great -- some really great election results, as you know. Georgia just came in and that was a big success. Florida was a tremendous success with both the governor, Ron DeSantis -- he'll be a great governor -- and the senator, Rick Scott.And, as you know, Ohio was a great victory. We had a lot of great victories, so we're very happy about that. We put out a statement on Saudi Arabia, which I guess most of you have seen, and we'll see how that all works out. It's a very complex situation. It's a shame, but it's -- it is what it is.Because it's "America First" for me. It's all about "America First." We're not going to give up hundreds of billions of dollars in orders, and let Russia, China, and everybody else have them. It's all about, for me -- very simple -- it's "America First." Saudi Arabia -- if we broke with them, I think your oil prices would go through the roof.I've kept them down. They've helped me keep them down. Right now we have low oil prices, or relatively. I'd like to see it go down even lower -- lower. But I think that it's a very simple equation for me. I'm about "Make America Great Again," and I'm about "America First."That what?No, I'm not saying that at all. If you look at Iran -- just take a look at Iran -- and you look at what they're doing. They are a terrorist nation right now. Although I must tell you, they're a lot better right now than they were when I took office. When I took office, they were heading in a very, very bad direction.And at some point, things very positive, frankly, could happen with Iran, but we also need a counterbalance. And Israel needs help also. If we abandon Saudi Arabia, it would be a terrible mistake.I really can't understand what you're saying, sorry.Well, I have nothing to do with Saudi -- just so you understand, I don't make deals with Saudi Arabia. I don't have money from Saudi Arabia. I have nothing to do with Saudi Arabia. I couldn't care less. And I will tell you, and as most of you know, being President has cost me a fortune, and that's okay with me. I knew that a long time ago.But being President has cost me a fortune -- a tremendous fortune like you've never seen before, but someday I'll tell you what that is. But -- and I knew that a long time ago because I don't do deals. I don't do -- all I do is focus on this country and making great deals for this country. I don't focus on making on great deals for myself because I don't care anymore.So, Saudi Arabia has nothing to do with me. What does have to do with me is putting America first.Wait, wait, wait, wait. They're buying hundreds of billions of dollars' worth of things from this country. If I say we don't want to take your business, if I say we're going to cut it off, they will get the equipment -- military equipment and other things -- from Russia and China. Russia and China would be very, very happy because right now we're doing very well against China.We're doing very well against everybody, including Russia. And I'm going to keep it that way. And I'm not going to tell a country that is spending hundreds of billions of dollars and has helped me do one thing very importantly -- keep oil prices down so that they're not going to $100 and $150 dollars a barrel.Right now we have oil prices in great shape. I'm not going to destroy the world economy, and I'm not going to destroy the economy for our country by being foolish with Saudi Arabia. So, I think the statement --Wait a minute. I think the statement was pretty obvious what I said. It's about "America First."Say it again.Just so you understand, early on and for a little period of time, Ivanka did some emails. They weren't classified like Hillary Clinton. They weren't deleted like Hillary Clinton, who deleted 33- -- she wasn't hiring -- she wasn't doing anything to hide her emails. I looked at it just very briefly today, and the presidential records -- they're all in presidential records.There was no hiding. There was no deleting like Hillary Clinton did. There was no servers in the basement like Hillary Clinton had. You're talking about a whole different -- you're talking about all fake news. So what Ivanka did, it's all in the presidential records. Everything is there. There was no deletion.There was no nothing. What it is is a false story. Hillary Clinton deleted 33,000 emails. She had a server in the basement. That's the real story.The which policy?Well, you go the 9th Circuit and it's a disgrace. And I'm going to put in a major complaint because you cannot win -- if you're us -- a case in the 9th Circuit and I think it's a disgrace. When people file -- every case gets filed in the 9th Circuit because they know -- that's not law. That's not what this country stands for.Every case that gets filed in the 9th Circuit, we get beaten. And then we end up having to go to the Supreme Court, like the travel ban, and we won. The 9th Circuit -- we're going to have to look at that. Because every case, no matter where it is, they file it -- practically, I mean practically -- for all intents and purposes -- they file it in what's called the 9th Circuit.This was an Obama judge. And I'll tell you what, it's not going to happen like this anymore. Everybody that wants to sue the United States, they file their case in -- almost -- they file their case in the 9th Circuit. And it means an automatic loss no matter what you do, no matter how good your case is. And the 9th Circuit is really something we have to take a look at because it's -- because it's not fair.People should not be allowed to immediately run to this very friendly circuit and file their case. And you people know better than anybody what's happening. It's a disgrace. In my opinion, it's a disgrace what happens with the 9th Circuit. We will win that case in the Supreme Court of the United States.Go ahead. What do you have?I can't hear your question. I can't hear you. Your voice is -- your voice is not --I don't know about Admiral -- I don't know Admiral McRaven.What?No, they're all finished. The written answers are finished.I don't know. The lawyers have them. I don't know. They will. They will.The written answers to the witch hunt that's been going on forever -- no collusion, no nothing -- they've been finished. I finished them yesterday. The lawyers have them. I assume they'll turn them in today or soon.No, I'm going to a warzone. Yeah.What?Yeah, the sanctions on Iran are very strong, very powerful. They're sanctions, I think, that have had a tremendous impact. More sanctions are going on. We have a lot of tremendous support. And Iran is not the same country it was when I became President; it's a much different country. And hopefully, at some point, we'll be able to make a fair deal and help Iran and help the people of Iran.Well, I know that Schumer's daughter works for Facebook, which I just found out today. And if you look at what Facebook has been doing, you know, they have some real explaining to do -- how they're so Democrat-oriented. All of them. But I hear Schumer's daughter works for Facebook. And I was very surprised and disappointed to learn that because nobody knew that until now.Yeah, go ahead.I don't know anything about him. Really, I don't know much about him. I really don't. Go ahead.Say it.I want Pakistan to help us. We're no longer paying $1.3 billion to Pakistan. We're paying them nothing because that's what they've done to help us -- nothing. And I cut those payments off a long time ago. We're not paying Pakistan any money because they're not helping us at all. And we'll see where it all goes.I hope to have a good relationship with Pakistan, but right now we're paying Pakistan nothing. I cut them off. They were getting $1.3 billion a year. They're not getting anything now.Oh you -- don't worry about the Thanksgiving -- these are tough people. They know what they're doing and they're great. And they've done a great job. You're so worried about the Thanksgiving holiday for them. They are so proud to be representing our country on the border where -- if you look at what's happening, Mexico -- the people from Tijuana are saying, "Wow, these are tough people.They're fighting us." They're in fistfights all over the place. These are tough people that are coming in. Now I understand they have 500 people that have been designated as -- let's put it in a nice word -- criminals. And these are the people that are coming in? No. You don't have people coming in. The order today is not -- we can get around that very easily.What I do say is, 9th Circuit is -- it's very unfair when everybody files their case in the 9th Circuit. They file it for a reason. As far as the troops, they are proud to be on the border. They are proud to be defending our nation. And we're not letting people in. It's called "catch and detain." It's not called "catch and release," like it has been for many years.For many years, they called it "catch and release." They don't call it that anymore. And our soldiers are doing an incredible job. And if you look at the walls that they're building, and if you look at all the barricades that they're putting up, they've done a great job.No, I wish him the best of luck. I wish him the best of luck.No, I think we're doing great. I mean, as a country, we're doing great. Our unemployment is at a record low. You look at all of the different statistics. I think your tech stocks have some problems, but that'll come back. But, no, I think we're going to do very well. I'd like to see the Fed with a lower interest rate.I think the rate is too high. I think we have much more of a Fed problem than we have a problem with anyone else. We're doing very well with China. China wants to make a deal very badly. They might not say that to you, but they want to make it very badly. I have another 250 billion dollars' worth of tariffs to put on if we don't make a deal.And, believe me, I'll be putting them on because China has been ripping off our country for many, many years. And they don't rip us off with me. We made a great deal with Canada. We made a great deal with Mexico. I appreciate the help that Mexico is giving us at the border. You see that people are not coming through.All of the fistfights and the fighting that you see are done on the Mexico side. They're not coming in here. But I appreciate what Mexico is doing. They can do more, but I appreciate what they're doing.Well, they were preserved. The lawyer told me they're all preserved -- historically, they're preserved.They didn't make a determination. And it's just like I said, I think it was [Inaudible] -- maybe he did, maybe he didn't. They did not make that assessment. The CIA has looked at it. They've studied it a lot. They have nothing definitive. And the fact is, maybe he did, maybe he didn't. If you look at Iran, what they've done -- they've been a bad actor.You look at what's happening in Syria with Assad, with hundreds of thousands of people killed. We are with Saudi Arabia. We're staying with Saudi Arabia. And, by the way, just so everybody knows, I have no business whatsoever with Saudi Arabia. Couldn't care less.No, no. No, no. This is about "America first." They're paying us $400 billion-plus to purchase and invest in our country. That's probably the biggest amount ever paid to the United States -- this is over a long period of time. It means hundreds of thousands of jobs, billions of dollars of investment and product.And if you think I'm going to let Russia have that money or -- or those -- or those things; if you think I'm going to let China make the military equipment -- hey, China and Russia would love to make 100 billion dollars' worth of military equipment from Saudi Arabia. We have the contracts. They wanted those contracts.That would be a big, fat, beautiful gift to Russia and to China. They're not going to get that gift. Just so you understand, it's about "Make America Great Again." It's about "America First." We're going to stay with Saudi Arabia. The other thing: Saudi Arabia is probably the second-biggest oil producer.They've worked with us very well. We've kept oil prices down. If you want to see oil prices go to $150 a barrel -- like, by the way, Russia would love to see that -- all you have to do is break up our relationship with Saudi Arabia.What?I don't know that he's going to be there. But if he is, I would.No, Cindy Hyde-Smith is a spectacular woman. She's a great senator. She came in, she's done a fantastic job in a short period of time. She made a statement which I know that she feels very badly about it, and it was just sort of said in jest, as she said. And she's a tremendous woman. And it's a shame that she has to go through this.I think she's going to do very well. I really believe she's going to do very well. I've gotten to know her well. She's a person that loves the people of Mississippi, she loves the people of this country. She's going to be a great senator. I'm going to do two events in Mississippi on Monday. I'm doing one near -- let's see, I'm doing one near Jackson.I'm doing one in the Gulf Coast. And we're going to do one in Tupelo. So we might even do three, but we're going to do two. I think Tupelo probably is definite, and I think Gulfport is definite. Cindy -- Cindy Hyde-Smith is a tremendous woman who truly loves the people of Mississippi and our country, and I think she's going to win, very big.Oh, Ivanka can handle herself. Ivanka can handle herself. These are all in the historical records. There was no deletion whatsoever, unlike Hillary Clinton, who deleted 33,000 emails; unlike Hillary Clinton, who had a server in the basement. Ivanka didn't. This was just early on, when she came in. These calls were not classified, unlike Hillary Clinton's calls, which were classified.And it's all fake news.I love the pardons for the turkey.I haven't thought of it, but it's not a bad thing.No, I think what Assad has done is horrible. I mean, really horrible.It's called "Person of the Year," right?It's no longer "Man of the Year," right?I don't know. That's up to Time Magazine. I've been there before. I can't imagine anybody else other than Trump. Can you imagine anybody other than Trump? Huh? Have a good time, everybody. Thank you. [Inaudible] This country has to get back together today. You saw the polls that came out. The polls are negative now on it. It's just a disgrace.Honestly, it's a disgrace [Inaudible].Is it good or bad?He's doing a very good job. Everybody tells me that Matt Whitaker is doing a fantastic job. So, you know, we'll have to see where everything goes. But everybody tells me he's doing a fantastic job.What else? Thank you, everybody.Thank you very much. Please, be seated. Good afternoon, everyone. A very special day at the White House. We are thrilled to be joined today by our great First Lady, Melania. On behalf of the entire Trump family, I want to wish all Americans a very, very happy Thanksgiving. At this time of the year, we reflect on all of the many blessings in our lives.We're also very glad to be joined by the Chairman of the National Turkey Federation, Jeff Sveen, along with his wife, Marcia; his father, John; his sons, Andrew, Peter, and Samuel, and their very beautiful families. Thank you very much for being here. Thank you. Thank you. Jeff, thank you.  Thanksgiving is a time of great American traditions, and today we continue a very special one, when a lucky turkey gets a presidential pardon.That turkey is so lucky. I've never seen such a beautiful turkey.  It has been stated that President Abraham Lincoln -- Honest Abe -- was the first President to grant such a pardon after his son, Tad, befriended the Christmas turkey and implored his father, "Please, dad. Please, save it."  In this grand tradition, I am pleased to announce that today’s lucky bird and guest of honor is named Peas, along with his alternate named Carrots.The children will understand that. The winner of this vote was decided by a fair and open election conducted on the White House website. This was a fair election. Unfortunately, Carrots refused to concede and demanded a recount, and we're still fighting with Carrots. And I will tell you, we've come to a conclusion: Carrots, I’m sorry to tell you, the result did not change.It's too bad for Carrots.  Peas and Carrots are the very first National Thanksgiving turkeys from the very great state of South Dakota. Love South Dakota. For this occasion, we are excited to be joined by Governor-elect -- a real friend of ours -- Kristi Noem. Where's Kristi? Kristi -- stand up, Kristi. Congratulations.And she just ran a very, very great race against a very capable opponent, and that was really something special. Congratulations, Kristi.  We're also happy to have Wyoming Congresswoman -- friend of mine -- Liz Cheney here with us. And she just had a big victory also. Thank you. That was a great -- that was a great victory.They know what they're doing in Congress, Liz.  Peas and Carrots were raised by a wonderful farmer from Riverside Hutterville Colony, and this is something that he's very proud of, Ruben Waldner. I want to just thank Ruben for having done a great job. Where's Ruben? Ruben -- stand up, Ruben. Great job. That's a good-looking turkey.Great job. Thank you very much.  Peas and Carrots were two out of a group of 50 exceptional turkeys raised for this event. And you can see that by looking at them. Together, they are known as “The Presidential Flock.”  After their good fortune today, Peas and Carrots will both live out the rest of their days at Gobbler’s Rest on the campus of Virginia Tech -- good place -- where they will enjoy a beautiful private enclosure under the care of poultry science students and veterinarians.In other words, they're going to be well taken care of at Virginia Tech.  However, it won’t be entirely a rest. Even though Peas and Carrots have received a presidential pardon, I have warned them that House Democrats are likely to issue them both subpoenas.  Nonetheless, in the spirit of Thanksgiving, I will be issuing both Peas and Carrots a presidential pardon.Unfortunately, I can’t guarantee that your pardons won’t be enjoined by the Ninth Circuit. Always happens. They're guaranteed. All joking aside, this is a time for Americans to unite together in a spirit of love, understanding, unity, and joy, as one proud American family. Our nation is doing well. We are now at the beginning of a national period of Thanksgiving.And as we pause to give thanks for all of the blessings that we've been bestowed, it really has been blessing after blessing after blessing. We're all very thankful. And we also pray for those in need, especially our fellow citizens impacted by the devastating wildfires in California, where I just came back.I've never seen anything like it. Probably nobody has. All American hearts are joined with theirs. We give thanks for the family, friends, neighbors and loved ones who enrich our lives, lift our spirits, and fill our days with joy. And we give thanks to God, who continues to shed his almighty grace upon this magnificent land that we all love so very much.We are truly blessed to be Americans. This is an incredible time for our country. Prosperity is soaring all across our land. We are especially thankful for the men and women who protect our families and who protect our flag. As we gather together this week with those we love, we share our gratitude to all of those who spend this holiday very, very far from home, serving in our military overseas.We send our eternal gratitude to the heroes who keep America safe, strong, proud, prosperous, and free. And we ask God to always watch over these incredible, brave Americans as they faithfully defend our nation and as they defend our home. Now it's time to grant Peas and Carrots the pardon they’ve been waiting for.They are extremely lucky birds. Thank you everyone. Have a very, very happy Thanksgiving. God bless you all and God bless America. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much.  Peas, I hereby grant you a full pardon! Thank you very much, everybody. Really great. Thank you. Thank you very much.Hey everybody. So we're going to California. We're making two stops. We're going to the two areas that you know very well. And it's a shame; it seems that many more people are missing than anyone thought even possible. And I want to be with the firefighters and the FEMA and first responders. We'll be spending a lot of time.We'll be coming back here -- probably landing at four o'clock in the morning or something like that. But we want to spend a lot of time. We want to discuss many things. I'm meeting with the governor and the new governor -- and governor-elect. So we have a lot of things to talk about. We will be talking about forest management.I've been saying that for a long time. And this could have been a lot different situation. But the one thing is that everybody now knows that this is what we have to be doing, and there's no question about it. It should have been done many years ago, but I think everybody is on the right side. It's a big issue.It's a big issue. A very expensive issue, but very, very inexpensive when you compare it to even one of these horrible fires. And it will save a lot of lives, in addition to a lot of money. So we'll be out there talking to the governors, talking to the first responders and FEMA. They have been incredible.The firefighters have been unbelievably brave. Some of the stories I've read last night -- unbelievably brave. Okay?Well, we haven't been briefed yet. The CIA is going to be speaking to me today. We have not been briefed yet. As of this moment, we were told that he did not play a role. We're going to have to find out what they have to say.Say it.No, we do that next week. They're all done.Yeah.Well, we're taking a look at it. You know, we also have a great ally in Saudi Arabia. They give us a lot of jobs. They give us a lot of business, a lot of economic development. They are -- they have been a truly spectacular ally in terms of jobs and economic development. And I also take that -- you know, I'm President; I have to take a lot of things into consideration.So we will be talking with the CIA later and lots of others. I'll be doing that while I'm on the plane. I'll be speaking also with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo.We have not been talking, no. We haven't. We have not been talking about it. We'll see.No, it's not under consideration. We are looking -- always looking. And whatever we can do for Turkey and, frankly, countries that we get along with very well -- we're having a good moment with Turkey. As you know, he gave Pastor Brunson back last week, and we appreciate that. We are doing very well with Turkey.I get along very, very well with the President. He's a friend of mine. He's a strong man, he's a tough man, and he's a smart man. But he's a friend of mine. And whatever we can do, we'll do. But -- and that is something that we're always looking at. But at this point, no.What?We haven't even talked about it.Yeah, we have a tremendous military force on the -- on the border -- on the southern border. We have large numbers of people trying to get into our country. I must say, the reason it's increased so much is because we're doing so well, as opposed to the rest of the world. And if you look at south of our border, it's not doing so well.But regardless, we have millions of people on line to get into our country legally, and those people have preference. They have to have preference. They've been waiting for a long time. They've done it legally. So we have a lot of things happening, but we have a great military force on the southern border.We're not letting people into our country illegally. And we're not doing a release. We'll do a catch, but we're not doing releases. So if they think they're going to be released into our country like in the old days -- like for years and years, they catch and release -- we're not releasing. They don't get released.What?As long as necessary. They built great fencing. They built a very powerful fence -- a different kind of a fence. It's been very powerful. The fence is fully manned. Nobody gets through. And when they're caught, they're not released. And it's very interesting -- I said it this morning -- they come up and they're talking about all their great fear, all their problems with their country, but they're all waving their country's flag.What is that all about? If they have such fear and such problems and they hate their country, why do we see all the flags being waved for Guatemala, for Honduras, for El Salvador? We're seeing flags all over the place. Why are they waving flags? This has nothing to do with asylum; this has to do with getting into our country illegally.And we have to know who wants to come into our country. Okay.No, I don't question his loyalty at all. He's a 100 percent loyal. This is a phony story. I doubt they had any sources. A typical New York Times phony story. Mike Pence is 100 percent. Not even a doubt of that entered my mind. He's been a trooper. He's been with me from -- as soon as I won the primaries.I mean, he was the one I chose, and I could not be happier. And I don't question his loyalty at all. He's already been tested, in many ways. Mike Pence is a terrific person. That was a phony story written by the New York Times who, by the way, never called me for a comment. How do you do a story like that?See, it's fake news. And that's what breaks up the country. Fake news. How do you do a story like that and you don't call the principal? I would give them a quote. I would say it's not true and that's the end of their story. But they don't do that. They write and then they make up sources. They may speak to one person, but they make up phony sources.They make -- like you write a novel. Have you ever written a novel? That's the way a lot of the news stories -- you look, that's why I call it "fake news." It's fake. And it's a very bad thing for our country. It's very dangerous. Mike Pence is 100 percent. They should retract that story. But you can't do that story without calling me for a quote.Or you could call Sarah Huckabee, and say, "Can I get a quote?" And here she is. "Can I get a quote from the President?" I would be happy to give a quote. I would be happy. And you know what the quote would be? "Mike Pence is 100 percent." Now you can't do your story. So that's why they don't like calling me for a quote.I would help Nancy Pelosi if she needs the votes. She may need some votes. I will perform a wonderful service for her. I like her. Can you believe it? I like Nancy Pelosi. I mean, she's tough and she's smart. But she deserves to be Speaker. And now they're playing games with her just like they'll be playing with me with -- it's called "presidential harassment." The President of your country is doing a great job, but he's being harassed.It's presidential harassment. Well, in a way, her own party is harassing her because nobody else should be Speaker. Now, that doesn't mean for a hundred years. But definitely, they should start off with Nancy Pelosi as Speaker. And I already have a lot of votes. If she needs any votes, if she asks me, I will give her the votes to put her over the top.Well, I saw Tom Reed as an example. He's a fine man -- a congressman. I would call him a moderate. I'm not saying I can get them from the super conservative side, but maybe I even get them from there. But I don't imagine she would need too many, but whatever number of votes she needs -- if it's 50, or 10, or 2, or 1 -- she's got them from me, automatic.So tell her opposition they're wasting their time.We're talking about the boarding wall -- the border wall. We're talking about quite a big sum of money, about $5 billion. And I think, probably, if I were ever going to do a shutdown over border security -- when you look at the caravan, when you look at the mess, when you look at the people coming in -- this would be a very good time to do a shutdown.I don't think it's going to be necessary because I think the Democrats will come to their senses. And they don't come to their senses, we will continue to win elections. You know, we won the Senate. You do recognize, right? That means all the judges that I'm getting approved will now be easier because we actually pick up -- which is a start -- we picked up two seats in the Senate.We went from 51-49 to 53-47. That's a tremendous difference. And these are senators I really like. That's also a difference. Thank you all very much. Thank you.What?I have very close to made a decision on U.N. Ambassador. On Attorney General: No, we haven't. But I will tell you, until that decision is made, we have a great gentleman in Matt Whitaker. And everybody tells me he's doing a fantastic job.I'd consider Pam Bondi for anything, but right now we -- I know her very well. In the meantime, she's got a very good job. She's doing a very good job. She's always done a very good job. But at some form -- in some form, I'd love to have her in the administration. But we have great people. You know, we have tremendous people -- our Cabinet.I'm very happy. Now will I make adjustment? Yes. But we have a great Cabinet. You take a look at what we're doing with the military. Very happy with Secretary of Defense, by the way. Jim Mattis is doing a great job. Mike Pompeo is doing a great job. We have a truly great Cabinet. I could go through every one of them, but then you might be able to figure out the one or two that I'm a little bit less happy with.That wouldn't be good. Okay, thank you. I'll see you California. Thank you.We're going to be looking at everything. Thank you.So we're heading off to Europe. It should be a very beautiful period of time -- the 100th anniversary of the ending of World War I. We have many countries; the leadership of many countries will be there, especially since they heard the United States will be there. And we look forward to that. It'll be a great, really, commemorative service. I think it's going to be something very special. I've seen what they have planned, and I think it's going to be something very, very special.I just signed the proclamation on asylum. Very important. People can come in, but they have to come in through the ports of entry. And that, to me, is a very important thing. Again, I reiterate we needs Democrats' votes. They have to pass new immigration laws, because they're flooding our country. We're not letting them in, but they're trying to flood our country.We need the wall; we're building the wall. But we need it all built at one time, and quickly. It's very important. We need Democrat support on new immigration laws to bring us up to date. The laws are obsolete and they're incompetent. They are the worst laws any country has anywhere in the world. And it's only because we don't have the Democrats' votes.So we need Democrat vote so we can change immigration, and we'll have no trouble whatsoever at the border. We want people to come into our country, but they have to come into our country legally. They have to come into our country legally. We want people to come in through the merit system so that they can work for all of these great companies that I have coming into our country.We have many car companies coming in. We have many tech companies coming in. We have literally hundreds of companies moving back into the United States. We need people. We need to have -- you see the unemployment numbers are at record lows. We need people in our country, but they have to come in legally, and they have to have merit.They have to come in through a system of merit. We have everything worked out. We need some votes from the Democrats, or we need support from the Democrats, and hopefully they see what's going on. And the reason this is happening is we've created such a successful country, economically, that everybody is flooding into our country, or they want to. But we're stopping them at the border.And that's why we have our great military there.Well, Matt Whitaker -- I don't know Matt Whitaker. Matt Whitaker worked for Jeff Sessions, and he was always extremely highly thought of, and he still is. But I didn't know Matt Whitaker. He worked for Attorney General Sessions. He was very, very highly thought of, and still is highly thought of. But this only comes up because anybody that works for me, they do a number on them.But Matt Whitaker is a very smart man. He is a very respected man in the law enforcement community. Very respected; at the top of the line. And actually, the choice was greeted with raves, initially, and it still is in some circles. You know, it's a shame that no matter who I put in, they go after them. It's very sad, I have to say.But he's Acting. I think he'll do a very good job. And we'll see what happens. But I will say this: Matt Whitaker is a very highly respected man, and you didn't have any problems with Matt Whitaker when he worked for Jeff Sessions. He's respected by law enforcement. He's a very strong law enforcement personality and person.I didn't speak to Matt Whitaker about it. I don't know Matt Whitaker. Matt Whitaker has a great reputation, and that's what I wanted. I also wanted to do something which, frankly, I could have brought somebody very easily from the outside. I didn't want to do that. When Sessions left, what I did, very simply, is take a man who worked for Sessions.Again, he worked for Jeff Sessions. He's a highly respected man, especially by law enforcement. And I think he's going to do a great job. He's there in an acting position. He's a -- probably, from what I hear -- a very strong person, a very strong personality. And I think that's what they need.Who?You mean Mr. Kellyanne Conway?He's just trying to get publicity for himself. Why don't you do this: Why don't you ask Kellyanne that question, all right? She might know him better than me. I really don't know the guy.Well, when you make a comment --First of all -- let me speak, please. First of all, when you make comments, I see everybody on television -- all these lawyers, all these law enforcement people making comment after comment. They never ask to get recused. They make comment. The fact that you go on Fox or CNN or MSNBC or anybody, and you make a comment, you'd have nobody left to choose.You would have absolutely nobody left. I see different people, at different times, going on shows. Am I supposed to say, "Oh, now he's never qualified to serve in government?" So, all the time I'm watching many different people go on many different shows, saying many different things. That doesn't mean they're unqualified.Now, in all fairness to Matt Whitaker, who, again, I didn't know -- okay? -- other than through reputation. His reputation is excellent. But in all fairness to him, he did some shows; so did many of the people that you're talking about. So did everybody that -- you're talking about a permanent position. I think everybody looking at a permanent position, in any department, has done many shows.Does that mean we can't hire anybody? We have to hire somebody that's in a shell? I don't think so.Say it again. You have to speak up.Well, it could be. Because if you look at Broward -- and Palm Beach, to a lesser extent -- if you look at Broward County, they have had a horrible history. And if you look at the person -- in this case, a woman -- involved, she has had a horrible history. And all of a sudden, they're finding votes out of nowhere.And Rick Scott, who won by -- you know, it was close, but he won by a comfortable margin -- every couple of hours it goes down a little bit. And then you see the people, and they were involved with that fraud of the fake dossier, the phony dossier. And I guess I hear they were somehow involved or worked with the GPS Fusion people, who have committed -- I mean, if you look at what they've done, you look at the dishonesty -- Look, look, there's -- bad things have gone on in Broward County.Really bad things. She's been to court. She's had a lot of problems. She's lost. I say this: He easily won, but every hour it seems to be going down. I think that people have to look at it very, very cautiously.What?I haven't ruled out anything. I haven't even thought about it. I'm thinking about the world. Right now, I'm thinking about the world. I'm not thinking about sit-downs or not sit-downs. There was no collusion. It's a whole hoax. This was a thing set up by the Democrats, just like they set up other things -- when you look at what's going on Florida; when you look at what's going on in lots of different locations.The Russian investigation is a hoax. It's a phony hoax. I didn't speak to Russians. The fact is, I was a much better candidate than Hillary Clinton. I worked much harder. I went to the right places. She went to the wrong places, because she didn't know what the hell she was doing. I did a great job; I was a great candidate.She was a bad candidate. I went to Wisconsin. I went more to Michigan. I went to Pennsylvania. She didn't do a good job. This has nothing to do with Russians; it's a Russian hoax.Oh, Michelle Obama said that? I haven't seen it. I guess she wrote a book. She got paid a lot of money to write a book. And they always insist that you come up with controversial. Well, I'll give you a little controversy back: I'll never forgive him for what he did to our United States military by not funding it properly.It was depleted. Everything was old and tired. And I came in, and I had to fix it. And I'm in the process of spending tremendous amounts of money. So I'll never forgive him for what he did to our military. I'll never forgive him for what he did in many other ways, which I'll talk to you about in the future.But what he did -- because she talked about safety -- what he did to our military made this country very unsafe for you and you and you.Well, we're looking at other people. I did not see Chris Christie yesterday. I heard he was in the White House. He's a friend of mine. He's a good man. When he got out of the presidential race, as you know, the next day he supported me. He has good taste. So he proved one thing: He has good taste. But when he got out, he immediately supported me. I like Chris Christie, but I have not talked to him about it. He was in the White House yesterday, but I did not see him.I think Jim Acosta is a very unprofessional man. He does this with everybody. He gets paid to do that. You know, he gets paid to burst in. He's a very unprofessional guy. Whether it was me or Ronald Reagan or anybody else, he would have done the same thing. Look, I don't think he's a smart person, but he's got a loud voice.And --Wait, wait. David, do you mind if I answer the question?And as far as I'm concerned, I haven't made that decision. But it could be others also. When you're in the White House -- this is a very sacred place to me. This is a very special place. You have to treat the White House with respect. You have to treat the presidency with respect. If you've ever seen him dealing with Sarah Huckabee Sanders, it's a disgrace.And he does it for, you know, the reason. The same thing with April Ryan. I watched her get up. I mean, you talk about somebody that's a loser. She doesn't know what the hell she's doing. She gets publicity, and then she gets a pay raise or she gets a contract with, I think, CNN. But she's very nasty, and she shouldn't be. She shouldn't be. You've got to treat the White House and the Office of the Presidency with respect.I see her nodding very positively, so I'll ask her -- you know.You have to speak up, though. You have a helicopter raging back -- For all the people that don't know why, my hearing is great, but you have a helicopter that's raging back there.In fact, do you remember Ronald Reagan? He'd always, "What? What? I can't hear you." I never -- I always thought he was hard of hearing; he wasn't. That's the problem.Well, I'll meet with Putin at the G20. I don't know that we're seeing each other in Paris, but there may be a lunch for the leaders. I don't know. So I would say, nothing. We have a good relationship. Having a good relationship with Russia and China, and every other country, is a good thing, not a bad thing.But we have a good -- we have a very good relationship.No. I'm going to look into any complaints. David, if there are any complaints, I'll look into it.Well, it was a political decision made by a judge. I think it's a disgrace. It's 48,000 jobs. I approved it; it's ready to start. And they went -- and I guess they'll end up going to the Ninth Circuit, as usual. We're slowly putting new judges in the Ninth Circuit. Everything goes to the Ninth Circuit. Everything.Now, DACA, that was actually good news yesterday, because you never win in the Ninth Circuit if you're on this half of the equation. When I say "half," it could be half or more. But you never win; you rarely win in the Ninth Circuit. The good news is, by rejecting DACA in the Ninth Circuit yesterday, finally we've been waiting for that.We get to the Supreme Court, and we want to be in the Supreme Court on DACA. President Obama said he had no right to sign it. He had no right, but it was upheld in the Ninth Circuit, as usual. If you take President Obama's statement, he knew that he couldn't sign it. So this whole thing, it's a terrible thing what's happening with the courts.The DACA will now hopefully go to the Supreme Court, where we'll be given a fair decision.We'll be making a decision. I have so many people who want it. We are looking at Heather. We're looking at numerous people. We have plenty of time. Nikki is staying until the end of the year. We're working with Nikki, also. We have some very good people that want that job. I'll make the decision over the next few weeks, but by the end of the year.Well, I have some very, very good people. But, I mean, there's no rush. You know, it has to go through a Senate process, which takes a long time. But we'll pick somebody that's great. We're going to pick somebody that's very good. And again, I think it's very -- Matt Whitaker is a highly respected man, but I didn't know Matt Whitaker.But he's a highly respected man.Yeah, but neither has Mueller.Excuse me. You talk about the Senate process. Mueller is doing a report. He hasn't gone through the Senate process. You're saying Whitaker hasn't, but Whitaker has. Wait a minute. Because he was a really distinguished U.S. attorney in Iowa, and he was approved by everybody. Because to be U.S. attorney, that's top of the line.He was a highly respected. In fact, I'll tell you, the Ambassador to China, as you know, Terry Branstad -- who used to the be the governor of Iowa -- he told me that what a great choice that is; that he is one of the most respected people in all of Iowa. And that was coming from Terry Branstad, who was the governor.Look, Mueller -- a big complaint people have -- Mueller was not Senate confirmed. So he's doing a report. He wasn't Senate confirmed. Whitaker was Senate confirmed. Now, he doesn't need this, but he was Senate confirmed at the highest level, when he was the U.S. attorney from Iowa. But Mueller was not Senate confirmed.Why didn't they get him Senate confirmed? He should have been Senate confirmed. No -- but because of all the conflicts, they didn't want to bring him before the Senate because he's very conflicted. So because of those conflicts, they didn't want to bring him before the Senate. But don't tell me about Whitaker.Don't tell me about Whitaker, because Mueller was not Senate confirmed, and Whitaker was, actually.It doesn't -- whether they get a couple of more House seats, it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. But you notice the votes never go the other way? They hire lawyers, and the votes don't ever seem to go the Republican way -- although I hear --Well, I don't know, you tell me. It's always the Democrats. It's always GPS Fusion. It's always crooked stuff.Look -- look at what happened. How many FBI are gone? How many Justice Department people are gone? That I found out -- that I found out. There's a lot of bad stuff going on in this country, and we're finding out, and I'm getting to the bottom of it. And I've done a hell of a job. How many people have been fired from the FBI?You got Comey, you got McCabe, you got Strzok, you have Lisa Page, you have Baker. You have a whole list of people. There's a lot of crooked stuff going on. But it is interesting; it always seems to go the way of the Democrats. Now, in Arizona, all of a sudden, out of the wilderness, they find a lot of votes.And she's -- the other candidate is just winning by a hair. What's going on in a Florida is a disgrace. Go down and see what happened over the last period of time -- 10 years. Take a look at Broward. Take a look at the total dishonesty of what happened with respect to Broward County. Broward County -- just [Inaudible] -- Broward County/election.There's a lot of dishonesty.The taped video of Acosta?What are you talking about? All that was --Nobody manipulated it. Give me a break. See, that's just dishonest reporting. All that is, is a close-up. See, that's just -- that is just dishonest reporting. I watched that; I heard that last night. They made it close up. They showed it up close up. And he was not nice to that young woman. I don't hold him for that because it wasn't overly, you know, horrible.But it was -- but all that was -- when you say "doctored," you're a dishonest guy. Because it wasn't doctored. They gave a close-up view. That's not doctoring.No, I wish her well. She said something very inappropriate during the campaign, but she apologized for it. I wouldn't say she's exactly on my side, but I wish her well. I hope she gets better. And I hope she serves on the Supreme Court for many, many years.Terrible. Terrible.He's a very sick -- well, it's a mental health problem. He is a very sick puppy. He was a very, very sick guy. Not too many people knew about it. But now that they're looking, they're starting to see he had a lot of problems, a lot of trouble. And we're very much into that. As you know, I funded a lot of money toward mental health for that reason.And we're continuing to do it, and we continue to look at the laws. We want to make sure -- look, it is a problem. It's a disastrous problem. It makes you sick to look at it. But he was a very, very mentally ill person.Say it?Well, he was a war veteran. He was a Marine; he was in the war. He served time. He saw some pretty bad things. And a lot of people say he had the PTSD. And that's a tough deal. We're spending -- as you know, I've given tremendous funding to the vets for the PTSD and for general health for PTSD. It's a big problem.People come back. That's why it's a horrible thing. They come back, and they're never the same.Well, I don't like abusing any privilege, but when I see something that we should do, I always do that. Yeah, I always do that. I believe you should. When somebody -- when it's a worthy situation, I do believe it.It's up to him.What a stupid question that is. What a stupid question. But I watch you a lot. You ask a lot of stupid questions.We're working. Well, because other things have come up, and we will be signing it soon.No, no, no. Oh, we're signing it. We're doing it. And it'll probably work its way up to the Supreme Court. Birthright citizenship probably works its way up to the Supreme Court. It will be signed. We wanted a perfect document. And because of the election and all of the delays in the election, and whatever is going on in Broward County -- remember the word, "Broward County."Wait. Well, you take a look at the past. Take a look at the past.And all of a sudden, they're finding votes? You mean after the election, they're finding votes? And then you look at her past, where she's already been convicted, and now they're finding votes.And you have this guy, Elias, who represented Hillary Clinton and a lot of very shady things. I think what you ought to do is get smart.Good luck, folks. I'll see you in Europe.Thank you. Thank you very much. Please, thank you. It was a big day yesterday. An incredible day. And last night, the Republican Party defied history to expand our Senate Majority while significantly beating expectations in the House for the midtown and midterm year. We did this in spite of a very dramatic fundraising disadvantage driven by Democrats' wealthy donors and special interests, and very hostile media coverage, to put it mildly.The media coverage set a new record and a new standard. We also had a staggering number of House retirements. So it's a little tough. These are seats that could've been held pretty easily, and we had newcomers going in, and a lot of them worked very hard. But it's very difficult when you have that many retirements.We held a large number of campaign rallies with large, large numbers of people going to every one -- and to the best of my knowledge, we didn't have a vacant or an empty seat; I'm sure you would have reported it if you spotted one -- including 30 rallies in the last 60 days. And we saw the candidates that I supported achieve great success last night.As an example, of the 11 candidates we campaigned with during the last week, 9 won last night. This vigorous campaigning stopped the blue wave that they talked about. I don't know if there ever was such a thing, but could've been. If we didn't do the campaign, probably there could've been. And the history really will see what a good job we did in the final couple of weeks in terms of getting some tremendous people over the finish line.They really are tremendous people, but many of them were not known. But they will be known. This election marks the largest Senate gains for a President's party in a first midterm election since at least President Kennedy's in 1962. There have been only four midterm elections since 1934 in which a President's party has gained even a single Senate seat.As of now, we picked up, it looks like, three. Could be four. Perhaps it could be two. But we picked up a lot. And most likely, that number will be three. You people probably know that better than I do at this point, because you've looked at the more recent numbers. Fifty-five is the largest number of Republican senators in the last 100 years.In the last 80 years, a sitting President's party has only gained a cumulative total of eight Senate seats, averaging one per decade. So, if we picked up two, three, or four, that's a big percentage of that number. So in the last 80 years -- you think of that -- only eight seats. In President Obama's first midterm election, he lost six Senate seats, including in the deep-blue state of Massachusetts.Republicans captured at least four Senate seats held by Democrat incumbents. And these are tremendously talented, hardworking people that did this -- Indiana, North Dakota, Florida, Missouri. We also won two open Senate seats in Tennessee -- I want to congratulate our great champion who did such a great job in Tennessee, Marsha -- and in Utah.And Arizona is looking very good. Really, very good. She's done a terrific job. That was a tough race, and she's done a fantastic job. In each of these open seats, Democrats recruited very strong candidates with substantial fundraising and media support. We were getting bombarded with money on the other side.In the House, Republicans dramatically outperformed historical precedents and overcame a historic number of retirements -- the most House Republican retirements in 88 years; 43 House Republicans retired. Now, I will say this -- that, in many cases, they were chairman of committees, and they left because they weren't chairman, because the Republicans have a rule -- for six years.And what that does is wonderful in one way; it lets people come through the system and become chairman. And, in another way, it drives people out. Because when they're a chairman, they don't want to go and not be a chairman. You're the chairman of a committee, and you're a big deal, and then all of a sudden you're not doing that anymore.So they leave. We had a lot of them leave. I guess you can flip a coin as to which system is better. The Democrats do the other. Some of their folks have been in these committees for a long time as chairman. In 2010, President Obama's first midterm, he lost 63 seats. By contrast, as of the most current count, it looks like around 27 House seats or something.And we'll figure that out pretty soon. We also had a slew of historic wins in the governors' races -- the governors' races were incredible -- against very well-funded, talented, and skilled Democrat candidates and people that worked very, very hard, respectfully, for those candidates, like Oprah Winfrey, who I like.I don't know if she likes me anymore, but that's okay. She used to. But she worked very hard in Georgia. Very, very hard. And if you look at them, we won four governors' races crucial to 2020 and the presidential race: Florida, Iowa, Ohio, and Georgia. The big ones: Florida, Iowa, Ohio, and Georgia. Can't get much more important than that.They were incredible. They were actually incredible campaigns, too. Incredible. As of right now, Republicans will control the majority of governorships across the country, including three great women who worked very hard: the governors of Alabama, South Dakota, and Iowa. They worked very, very hard. They're very talented.By expanding our Senate majority, the voters have also clearly rebuked the Senate Democrats for their handling of the Kavanaugh hearings. That was a factor. I think maybe a very big factor. The way that was handled, I think, was -- tremendous energy was given to the Republican Party by the way they treated then-Judge Kavanaugh, now Justice Kavanaugh.And expressed their support for confirming more great pro-Constitution judges. Candidates who embraced our message of low taxes, low regulations, low crime, strong borders, and great judges excelled last night. They excelled. They really -- I mean, we have a list of people that were fantastic, and I'm just going to point them out: Mike Bost; Rodney Davis; Andy Barr was fantastic.I went to Kentucky -- for the most part, I didn't campaign for the House, but I did actually make a special trip for Andy Barr because he was in a very tough race in Kentucky, and he won. That was a very tough race. The polls were all showing that he was down, and down substantially. And he won. And that one, I did do. Pete Stauber, of Minnesota.Great guy. He's new and ran a fantastic race. On the other hand, you had some that decided to "let's stay away." "Let's stay away." They did very poorly. I'm not sure that I should be happy or sad, but I feel just fine about it. Carlos Curbelo; Mike Coffman -- too bad, Mike; Mia Love. I saw Mia Love. She'd call me all the time to help her with a hostage situation.Being held hostage in Venezuela. But Mia Love gave me no love, and she lost. Too bad. Sorry about that, Mia. And Barbara Comstock was another one. I mean, I think she could have run that race, but she didn't want to have any embrace. For that, I don't blame her. But she -- she lost. Substantially lost. Peter Roskam didn't want the embrace.Erik Paulsen didn't want the embrace. And in New Jersey, I think he could have done well, but didn't work out too good. Bob Hugin, I feel badly because I think that's something that could have been won. That's a race that could have been won. That's a race that could have been won. John Faso. Those are some of the people that, you know, decided for their own reason not to embrace, whether it's me or what we stand for.But what we stand for meant a lot to most people. And we've had tremendous support, and tremendous support in the Republican Party. Among the biggest support in the history of the party. I've actually heard, at 93 percent, it's a record. But I won't say that, because who knows. But we've had tremendous support.America is booming like never before. Doing fantastic. We have Larry Kudlow here, and he said the numbers are as good as he's ever seen -- numbers -- at any time for our country. But he's a young man, so he hasn't seen that many numbers. [Laughter] Where's Larry? You're a young man. Right, Larry? And you haven't been doing this too long, but they're as good as you've ever seen.And we may have -- if you have a question for Larry, we'll do that. But I want to send my warmest appreciation in regards to Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. We really worked very well together. We have been working very well together. We actually have a great relationship. People just don't understand that, which is fine.And also to, perhaps -- it looks like, I would think -- Speaker Nancy Pelosi. And I give her a lot of credit. She works very hard, and she's worked long and hard. I give her a great deal of credit for what she's done and what she's accomplished. Hopefully, we can all work together next year to continue delivering for the American people, including on economic growth, infrastructure, trade, lowering the cost of prescription drugs.These are some of things that the Democrats do want to work on, and I really believe we'll be able to do that. I think we're going to have a lot of reason to do it. And I will say, just as a matter of business, I was with some very successful people last night. We were watching the returns. So if the Republicans won -- and let's say we held on by two, or one, or three -- it would've been very hard out of that many Republicans to ever even get support among Republicans, because there will always be one, or two, or three people that, for a good reason or for a bad reason, or for grandstanding -- we have that too; you've seen that.You've seen that. Plenty of grandstanding. But for certain reasons that many people -- you're always going to have a couple that won't do it. So that puts us in a very bad position. In other words, had we kept it, and this is no -- I'm saying this for very basic reasons, common sense -- it puts us in a very tough position.We win by one, or two, or three, and you'll have one, or two, or three, or four or five even, come over and say, you know, "Look, we're not going to along with this. We want this, this, this…" And all of a sudden, we can't even -- we wouldn't even be able to get, in many cases, out of the Republicans' hands before we sent it on to the Senate.And now we have a much easier path, because the Democrats will come to us with a plan for infrastructure, a plan for healthcare, a plan for whatever they are looking at, and we'll negotiate. And as you know, it's been very hard in the Senate because we need, essentially, 10 votes from Democrats, and we don't get those votes.Because the Democrats do really stick together well. I don't agree with them on a lot of policy, but I agree with them on sticking together. They stick together great. So now we go into the Senate. We don't have the 10 votes. And what happens? It doesn't get passed. Even if it gets out of the House, it doesn't get passed.So under the new concept of what we're doing, I say, "Come on. Let me see what you have." They want to do things. You know, I keep hearing about investigations fatigue. Like from the time -- almost from the time I announced I was going to run, they've been giving us this investigation fatigue. It's been a long time.They got nothing. Zero. You know why? Because there is nothing. But they can play that game, but we can play it better. Because we have a thing called the United States Senate. And a lot of very questionable things were done between leaks of classified information, and many other elements that should not have taken place.And all you're going to do is end up in back and forth, and back and forth. And two years is going to go up, and we won't have done a thing. I really think, and I really respected what Nancy said last night about bipartisanship and getting together and uniting. She used the word "uniting" and she used the word the bipartisanship statement, which is so important because that's what we should be doing.So we can look at us, they can look at us, and we can look at them, and it'll go back and forth. And it'll probably be very good for me politically. I could see it being extremely good politically, because I think I'm better at that game than they are, actually. But we'll find out. I mean, you know, we'll find out.Or we can work together. You can't do them simultaneously, by the way. Just think if somebody said, "Oh, you can do them both." No, you can't. Because if they're doing that, we're not doing the other, just so you understand. So we won't be doing that. But now what happens is we send it to the Senate, and we'll get 100 percent Democrat support, and we'll get some Republican support.And if it's good, I really believe we have Republicans that will help with the approval process -- and they will really help with the approval process. So it really could be a beautiful bipartisan type of situation. If we won by one or two or three, or four or five, that wouldn't happen. And the closer it is, the worse it is. This way, they'll come to me, we'll negotiate.Maybe we'll make a deal, maybe we won't. That's possible. But we have a lot of things in common on infrastructure. We want to do something on healthcare; they want to do something on healthcare. There are a lot of great things that we can do together. And now we'll send it up and we will really get -- we'll get the Democrats and we'll get the Republicans, or some of the Republicans.And I'll make sure that we send something up that the Republicans can support, and they're going to want to make sure they send something up that the Democrats can support. So our great country is booming like never before, and we're thriving on every single level, both in terms of economic and military strength; in terms of development.In terms of GDP, we're doing unbelievably. I will tell you, our trade deals are coming along fantastically. The USMCA and South Korea is finished. USMCA has gotten rave reviews. Not going to lose companies anymore to other countries. They're not going to do that because they have a tremendous economic incentive, meaning it's prohibitive for them to do that.So it's not going to be like NAFTA, which is one of the worst deals I've ever seen -- although we've made some other pretty bad ones too. Now is the time for members of both parties to join together, put partisanship aside, and keep the American economic miracle going strong. It is a miracle. We're doing so well.And I've said it at a lot of rallies. Some of you have probably heard it so much you don't want to hear it again. But when people come to my office -- presidents, prime ministers -- they all congratulate me, almost the first thing, on what we've done economically. Because it is really amazing. And our steel industry is back.Our aluminum industry is starting to do really well. These are industries that were dead. Our miners are working again. We must all work together to protect our military -- I have to do that -- to support out law enforcement, secure our borders, and advance really great policy, including environmental policy.We want crystal-clean water. We want beautiful, perfect air. Air and water, it has to be perfect. At the same time, we don't want to put ourselves at a disadvantage to other countries who are very competitive with us and who don't abide by the rules at all. We don't want to hurt our jobs. We don't want to hurt our factories.We don't want companies leaving. We want to be totally competitive, and we are. And right now we have just about the cleanest air, the cleanest water we've ever had, and it's always going to be that way. We insist on it. So environmental is very important to me. And with that, I'll take a few questions if you'd like.Woah. [Laughter] I didn't know what happened. All right, go ahead, John. That was a lot of hands shooting up so quickly.There's a lot to talk about.I think there's a good chance, John. I think there's a very good chance that ---- it will happen.Well, then everything is going to come -- okay.Ready? Then you're going to -- if that happens, then we're going to do the same thing and government comes to a halt. And I would blame them because they now are going to be coming up with policy. They're the majority in the House. I expect that they will come up with some fantastic ideas that I can support on the environment, on so many different things, including prescription drug prices -- which we've made a big dent in already, including some of the things that we're working on for the vets.We've gotten choice approved. We've gotten a lot of things approved. But they have some other elements that we want. There are many things we can get along on without a lot of trouble -- that we agree very much with them and they agree with us. I would like to see bipartisanship. I would like to see unity.And I think we have a very good chance of -- and maybe not on everything -- but I think we have a very good chance of seeing that. Go ahead.Not necessarily my last chance.Look, I speak to Democrats all the time. They agree that a wall is necessary. Wall is necessary. And as you know, we're building the wall. We've started. But we should build it at one time, not in chunks.No, we need the money to build the wall -- the whole wall -- not pieces of it all over. And we are doing it. Now we have the military. Now we have other elements of wall that are pretty nasty, to be honest with you. But it's -- nevertheless, it's pretty hard to get through it. But no, I'd like to see the wall.Many of the people that we'll be dealing with, you know, in 2006, they approved the wall, essentially. It was a very strong border fence, but it was the same thing. And they all approved it; they all agreed. I have statements from every one of them. We have them saying, "We need the wall." I mean, they sound like me. But we do need it because we have people coming -- and I'm not just talking about the caravans.We have people coming through our border that you physically can't put that many people. It's a 2,000-mile stretch. You can't put that many people along that stretch to guard it. And even if you did, tremendous fighting would ensue. So we need the wall. Many Democrats know we need the wall. And we're just going to have to see what happens.I mean, we'll be fighting for it. They have done everything in their power to make sure we're -- I got the military $700 billion and $716 billion. The wall is a tiny, tiny fraction of the cost of that. But their whole agenda has been to try not giving me anything for the wall. I really believe, politically, they're hurting themselves.I actually think, politically, that's a good thing for me. But I want to get the wall up because we need it for security.I don't know. I can't tell you that. No, I can't commit to that, but it's possible.I'd rather answer that at a little bit different time. We're looking at a lot of different things, including Cabinet. I'm very happy with most of my Cabinet. We're looking at different people for different positions. You know, it's very common after the midterms. I didn't want to do anything before the midterms.But I will tell you that, for the most part, I'm extremely happy with my Cabinet. I think Mike Pompeo has fit in so beautifully. He's done an incredible job as --We're looking at that, and I want -- I do want to study whatever is being said. I think he's doing --I think he's doing an excellent job, but we will take a look at that in a very strong -- and we'll probably have an idea about that in about a week.Okay? Thank you. Wow, this is -- Go ahead, Jon. He gave me a fair interview the other day, so I might as well ask him a question.I think I am an open book.Well, look, as I have told you, they're under audit. They have been for a long time. They're extremely complex. People wouldn't understand them. They're done by among the biggest and best law firms in the country. Same thing with the accounting firms. The accountants are -- a very, very larger, powerful firm, from the standpoint of respect.Highly respected. Big firm. A great law firm. You know it very well. They do these things; they put them in. But people don't understand tax returns. Now, I did do a filing of over 100 pages, I believe, which is in the offices. And when people went and saw that filing and they saw the magnitude of it, they were very disappointed.And they saw the -- you know, the detail. You'd get far more from that. And I guess we filed that now three times. But you get far more from that than you could ever get from a tax return. But when you're under audit -- and I'm on under very continuous audit because there are so many companies, and it is a very big company -- far bigger than you would even understand.But it's a great company, but it's big and it's complex. And it's probably feet high. It's a very complex instrument. And I think that people wouldn't understand it. But if I were finished with the audit, I would have an open mind to it. I would say that. But I don't want to do it during the audit. And, really, no lawyer -- even from the other side, they say often -- not always -- but when you're under audit, you don't have -- you don't subject it to that.You get it done, and then you release it. So when that happens, if that happens, I would certainly have an open mind to it.When it's under audit -- no, nobody would. Nobody turns over a return when it's under audit, okay? Yeah, go ahead. Please.Why do I like Oprah?What kind of a question is that?He's a comedian here.I do like Oprah, by the way. I do. She was a person I knew well. Came to my place in Palm Beach often. And I have a lot of respect for her. Unfortunately, she didn't do the trick.No. Negotiation. Not at all.Oh, yeah. Better than them.And I think I know more -- and I think I know more than they know.No.No. If they do that, then it's just -- all it is, is a warlike posture. Yeah, go ahead.You heard my answer. Go ahead.Here we go.Let's go. Let's go. Come on.I consider it to be an invasion.Thank you for telling me that. I appreciate it.Because I consider it an invasion. You and I have a difference of opinion.Not at all. No, not at all.I want them -- I want them to come into the country, but they have to come in legally. You know, they have to come in, Jim, through a process. I want it to be a process. And I want people to come in. And we need the people.Wait. Wait. Wait. You know why we need the people, don't you? Because we have hundreds of companies moving in. We need the people.Well, that's true. They weren't actors. They weren't actors.They weren't actors. Well, no, it was true. Do you think they were actors? They weren't actors. They didn't come from Hollywood. These were -- these were people -- this was an actual -- you know, it happened a few days ago. And --You know what?I think you should -- honestly, I think you should let me run the country, you run CNN ---- and if you did it well, your ratings would be much better.Okay, that's enough.Okay, Peter, go ahead.That's enough. That's enough. That's enough.That's enough. That's enough.Excuse me, that's enough.Peter. Let's go.I'm not concerned about anything with the Russia investigation because it's a hoax.That's enough. Put down the mic.I'll tell you what: CNN should be ashamed of itself having you working for them. You are a rude, terrible person. You shouldn't be working for CNN. Go ahead.You're a very rude person. The way you treat Sarah Huckabee is horrible. And the way you treat other people are horrible. You shouldn't treat people that way. Go ahead. Go ahead, Peter. Go ahead.Well, I'm not a big fan of yours either. So, you know. [Laughter]To be honest with you.You aren't -- you aren't the best.Okay, just sit down, please.Well, when you report fake news --No. When you report fake news, which CNN does a lot, you are the enemy of the people. Go ahead.Because they're very weak on crime.Excuse me. Peter. Peter, what are you -- trying to be him?Peter, just let me just -- let me just tell you, very simple: Because they're very weak on crime. Because they have often suggested -- members and people within the Democrat Party, at a high level, have suggested getting rid of ICE, getting rid of law enforcement. That's not going to happen, okay? We want to be strong on the borders.We want to be strong on law enforcement. And I want to -- I want to cherish ICE because ICE does a fantastic job. The -- what they do for us is so -- really, it's so unrecognized how good a job they do. So we want to take care of them, and we want to hold them very close because they do a good job.Okay, yeah, go ahead.Thank you very much. Sit. Sit down, Peter.I'm not.No, I'm not. Well, look, I'll tell you what -- we won a lot of elections last night. We did very well last night, and I think it's going to have ---- I think it's going to have a very positive impact. I watched NBC this morning; they didn't report it exactly correctly, but that's, you know, very, very -- that's the fact with NBC. Nothing I can do about that. But I want this country to have protection. We want security in our country. I want security, Peter.I mean, you maybe don't think it's so important. And I think when you don't have it, you are indeed unleashing crime. I feel that. Go ahead. Go ahead.You will answer -- you'll ask me that question a little bit later. Go ahead.Go ahead. Sure.It's been a long time.I could have ended it anytime I wanted. I didn't. And there was so collusion. There was no anything. I didn't. They went after hackers in Moscow. I don't know about that. They went after people with tax problems, from years ago. They went after people with loans and other things. Had nothing to do with my campaign.This is a investigation where many, many millions of dollars has been spent. And there's no collusion. It was supposed to be on collusion. There's no collusion. And I think it's -- I think it's very bad for our country, I will tell you. I think it's a shame. And a poll came out today -- by the way, from NBC -- or least I saw it on NBC -- where a majority of the people do not agree with the Mueller investigation, or it wasn't approved.They have approval and disapproval, and it had a much higher disapproval. It should end because it's very bad for our country. It's ---- and I'm not just talking about the tremendous expense. And the other thing is, they should look at the other side also. They only look at one side. They're not looking at all of the things that came up during this investigation. They don't do that. They should also get people that can be fair, not 13 or 14 or 17 -- I call them the "Angry Democrats." They are angry people.And it's a very unfair thing for this country. It's a very, very -- forget about unfair to me; it's very bad for our country.Go ahead. No, no, no. Please.Give him the mic, please. I've answered the question.Go ahead, take the -- take the mic.Well, I'll give you voter -- I will give you voter suppression. You just have to -- sit down, please.Sit down. I didn't call you. I didn't call you. I didn't call you. I'll give you voter suppression: Take a look at the CNN polls, how inaccurate they were. That's called voter suppression. Go ahead, please.I'm not -- I'm not responding. I'm responding to --Excuse me, I'm not responding to you. I'm talking to this gentleman. Will you please sit down?Would --Excuse me. Excuse me. Would you please sit down? Please, go ahead.Very hostile -- such a hostile media. It's so sad. You ask me about --No. You rudely interrupted him.You rudely interrupted him. Go ahead.I think we could really do something having to do with DACA. And what really happened with DACA -- we could have done some pretty good work on DACA. But a judge ruled that DACA was okay. Had the judge not ruled that way, I think we would have made a deal. Once the judge ruled that way, the Democrats didn't want to talk anymore.So we'll see how it works out at the Supreme Court. Go ahead.From where?Yeah, go ahead. Go ahead.Go ahead. Which group? Where do you want me to take a question from? Go ahead, ma'am. Go ahead. Take the -- Either one. Either one.Or both. Are you together? Go ahead.I don't think it has been at all.I don't understand what you're saying. What?Well, that question -- I can only say this: If you look at the employment and unemployment numbers for African Americans, for Asian Americans, for Hispanic Americans, they're at a historic high. A poll came out recently where my numbers with Hispanics and with African Americans are the highest -- the best they've ever been.That had -- that took place two or three days ago, the poll. I have the best numbers with African American and Hispanic American that I've ever had before. And you saw the same poll. So, I can't say that. I can say this: If you look at median income, you look at all of the employment and unemployment numbers, they're doing the best they've ever done.And it reflects -- it really is very reflective in the polls. Yes, go ahead.Good. I understand you very well.Well, first of all, what we're doing -- and we're -- if you look at the Department of Labor also -- Secretary separately -- Secretary Azar, what they've done. They've come up with some incredible healthcare plans, which is causing great competition and driving the prices right down. But we are getting rid of the individual mandate because it was very unfair to a lot of people.But at the same time, we're covering the people that need it. But the individual mandate was a disaster because people that couldn't necessarily afford it were having to pay for the privilege of not having to pay for healthcare. And it was bad healthcare, at that. So we are working many plans for healthcare.We're creating tremendous competition. We had Obamacare repealed and replaced. Unfortunately, one person changed his mind at the last moment. And we had no Democrat support. I have to say that. We didn't have one vote. We would have repealed it, replaced it. We would have had a large-scale, very good healthcare plan.Now we're doing it a different way. We're doing it a different way. But getting rid of the individual mandate is a very, very popular thing and a very important thing. And people very much appreciate it. Go ahead.No, no. That's enough. Go ahead, please.Well, I think the results that I've learned, and maybe confirm, I think people like me. I think people like the job I'm doing, frankly. Because if you look at every place I went to do a rally, I couldn't do it with everybody. But -- and it was very hard to do it with people in Congress because there are just too many -- it will be too many stops.But I did it with the Senate. I did it with Andy Barr, as you know. And -- and he won. He won a very tough race against McGrath. It was a very, very tough race in Kentucky, and he was down quite a bit. And I went there, and we had a tremendous, very successful -- some of you were at that rally. And he won that race.But I could only do that so much because there are just so many players involved. But I did focus on the Senate, and we had tremendous success with the Senate. Really tremendous success.Well, I haven't asked him, but I hope so. Where are you? [Laughter] Mike, will you be my running mate? [Laughter] Huh? Stand up, Mike, please. Raise your right hand. No, I'm only kidding. [Laughter] Will you? Thank you, okay good. [Applause] The answer is "yes." Okay?That was unexpected, but I feel very fine. Yeah, please.I could. I could fire everybody right now. But I don't want to stop it, because politically, I don't like stopping it. It's a disgrace. It should have never been started because there was no crime. It is -- everybody has conflicts. They all have conflicts over there that are beyond anything that anybody has ever seen in terms of conflicts -- from the fact that people ask for jobs; from the fact that they have very good friends on the other side, like really good friends, like Comey -- who, by the way, lied and leaked, and also leaked classified information.Nothing happened there. It might, perhaps. Maybe something is happening that I don't know about. I stay away from it. But do you know what I do? I let it just go on. They're wasting a lot of money, but I let it go on because I don't want to do that. But you're right -- I could end it right now. I could say that investigation is over.But it's -- it's really -- it's a disgrace, frankly. And it's an embarrassment to our country. It's an embarrassment to the people of our country. And it's too bad. Go ahead.Well, we're looking at that.No, no. We're looking at that very seriously. Declassification? We're looking at that very seriously.It's amazing how people on the other side just don't want those documents declassified. But, no, we're looking at that very carefully. I certainly wanted to wait until after the midterms.Go ahead.That's right. Tough.Very tough issue.Just going to push. I've been pushing. I've done a very good job, too. Very happy with me. But it's a tough issue for the two sides. There's no question about it.There is great division -- what am I going to do? I won't be able to explain that to you, because it is an issue that is a very divisive, polarizing issue. But there is a solution. I think I have that solution, and nobody else does. We're going to be -- we're going to be working on that. Yes, go ahead, please.She took your place, but that's okay.The farm bill is working really well. I mean, we could have had it approved any time. But we're looking to get work rules approved. The farmers want it. I'd like it. The problem is, the Democrats are not giving us the 10 votes that we need. We are -- everybody wants it. The farmers want it. But the Democrats are not approving the farm bill with work rules.We could have it very fast without the work rules, but we want the work rules in, and the Democrats just don't want to vote for that. So, at some point, they'll have to pay maybe a price. Jeff, go ahead.Thank you very much.Well, we've going -- we're going to make a full report. And unlike the previous administration, we've done a lot of work on that issue. And if you look -- speak with the FBI, speak with the Department of Justice, speak to Homeland Security, we've spent a lot of time. It gets very little coverage in the papers.I mean, you cover the nonsense part, but you don't cover the important. This is very important. And we have been working very hard on China and Russia, and everybody else, looking into our elections or meddling with our elections. But people tend not to write about it. But we have worked very hard, as you probably heard.Well, I have a good relationship with both. I know President Xi better. But I think I have a very good relationship with both. I actually had a very good meeting in Russia that you people didn't agree with, but that's okay. It doesn't much matter, obviously. Because here I am.But the fact is that I had a very, very good meeting -- a very, very good meeting with President Putin, and a lot was discussed about security, about Syria, about Ukraine, about the fact that President Obama allowed a very large part of Ukraine to be taken. Right now, you have submarines off that particular parcel that we're talking about.You know what I'm talking about.That was President Obama's regime. That was during President Obama. Right? That was not during me. No, that was President Obama --No, no. It was President Obama that allowed it to happen. It had nothing to do with me. Yeah. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead.I'll be honest: I thought it was a -- I thought it was a very close to complete victory. When you look at it from the standpoint of negotiation, when you look at it from the standpoint of deal making -- because it's all about deal making -- again, if we had the majority, and we had one or two or three votes to play with, we would never -- we would have been at a standstill.I really believe that we have a chance to get along very well with the Democrats. And if that's the case, we can do a tremendous amount of legislation and get it approved by both parties. So I consider it to be -- hey, look, I won Georgia. President Obama campaigned very hard in Georgia. Oprah Winfrey campaigned very, very hard.All over the television. I said this is going to be tough. I only had me. I didn't have anybody else. And I went to Georgia, and we had one of the largest crowds that anybody here has seen, ever, at a political rally. And you know what? He won. And he won actually by, you know, pretty good margin. He won.And then we went to Florida, and they had celebrities all over the place. And a man, who happens to be very smart person, was running -- Ron DeSantis. And people didn't give him a chance. And I went and we had -- we did some great work. And they're going to have a great governor of the state of Florida. And then we talked about the Senate, and a lot of money was pouring in for the Democrat.This is a man who's been in office for like 44 years or something. This is man who was like a professional at getting elected and being in office. So he's not -- Bill Nelson -- not easy to beat. Okay? And -- but they had a lot of celebrities coming out for Nelson. They had everybody coming out for Nelson.And Rick Scott won. And I helped him. And I think we've done an amazing job. And you could look at many other places -- if you just take a look at some of the other places. And we just got the word that, in Iowa, you have a governor who just got extended, who's -- Kim just got extended. And numerous other places.I think it was a great victory. I'll be honest: I think it was a great victory. And actually, some of the news this morning was that it was, in fact, a great victory. But if you look at it from the standpoint of gridlock, I really believe there's going to be much less gridlock because of the way this is going, than any other way.Sit down, please. Go ahead.Well, it could be. You know that this will have to be now proposed. Because if we did it now, we don't have the votes in the Senate. You don't have -- we need -- we would need 10 Democrat vote; we probably couldn't get them. If we could, we could pass it very easily in the House. But there's no reason to waste time because you don't have the votes in the Senate.But if the -- as an example, if the Democrats come up with an idea for tax cuts, which I'm a big believer in tax cuts, I would absolutely pursue something even if it means some adjustment.Some adjustment. Yeah, to make it possible. But I would love to see a tax cut for the middle class. Now, that's going to be their decision. They're going to have to make that decision. As you know, if we bring it up to the Senate, we'd need Democrat votes -- 10 -- and we don't have those 10 votes.Oh, I'm not telling you that. I'm just saying, I would be certainly willing to do a little bit of an adjustment. Go ahead. Behind me. Go ahead, please.Well, as I understand it, we're having -- and I guess a lot of you are going over. We're having a lunch for numerous countries. I'll be there. I believe President Putin is going to be there. We don't have anything scheduled. I don't think we have anything scheduled in Paris. And I'm coming back very quickly.We're going over -- there's a great event. This is an important -- really, it's going to be very important and, I think, a very beautiful ceremony. I'm looking forward to going. And we're representing the incredible heroes of the world, but the heroes of our country from World War I. And so I'll be going there, and I am very proud to go there.I don't think we have time set aside for that meeting. Now, with that being said, we're very shortly meeting again at the G20, where he'll be there and I'll be there. And that's where we're actually looking forward to meeting. We will be having -- we will be having a lunch, but I think there are many people there.Well, I think what I'll do is -- as we make changes, we'll sit down and talk to you about it. I mean, there's no great secret. A lot of administrations make changes after midterms. I will say that, for the most part, I'm very, very happy with this Cabinet. We're doing a great job.Well, that's okay. No, people leave. People leave.People leave. I haven't heard about John Kelly. But, no, people -- people leave. They come in, they're here. It's a very exhausting job. Although, I love doing it, I must tell you. But it's exhausting for a lot of people. I'm surprised at a lot of people. They start off, they're young people, they're there for two years, and they're old by the time they leave.[Laughter] It's quite exhausting. But I love doing it. And I'll tell you, there will be changes. Nothing monumental from that standpoint. I don't think very much different than most administrations. But -- and we have -- I mean, we have many people lined up for every single position. Any position. Everybody wants to work in this White House.We are a hot country. This is a hot White House. We are a White House that people want to work with. Okay. No, no. Please. Behind you. Behind you. Go ahead.It's been a very challenging campaign. That's true.Right.It's a very fair question. Look, I would love to see unity and peace and love, and any other word you want to use. And obviously, I think we had to, especially at this particular juncture, we had to wait until after the midterms were over. Now they're over. If they would cover me fairly -- which they don't. Which they don't. I'm not saying that in a hostile way.I get extremely inaccurate coverage. I can do something that's fantastic, and they'll make it look like not good. And I don't mind being -- having bad stories. If I make a mistake, cover it. I would like you to cover it fairly, but cover it. But when you do something terrific -- look how little the economy is talked about.A poll came out this morning talking about how little the three networks -- I don't think they included CNN -- but how little the three networks talk about how good the economy is. How little. Almost not at all. If President Obama had this economy -- and, by the way, if that administration, through somebody else, kept going, you would have had negative 4.2 instead of positive 4.2 percent growth.You would have had negative. It was heading down. But here -- the point is this --Excuse me. I would love to see unity, including with the media. Because I think the media -- I'll be honest: I think it's a very divisive thing for our country. And you would be amazed at how smart people are that are reading your stories and seeing your stories and watching. You would be amazed how perceptive and how smart they are.They get it. And it really does bring disunity.Excuse me. You are not -- you are not called on.Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead, please.Say it? You have to speak up.Well, God plays a big factor in my life, and God plays a factor in the lives of many people that I know very well in this room, like your Vice President. God plays a very big role in my life.Nothing surprises me in politics.But there were some losses last night. And there were some victories last night that have been incredible. I mean, there were victories last night that nobody would believe, especially based on the suppression polls. They had a lot of suppression polls.And there were some victories last night that were very surprising, but I'm not going to pick out special -- you know, special people.It's tough enough for those people to have a loss.Would I what? What?I know a couple of very good ones. Yeah, I would, actually. Go ahead, please.I would love to have -- I would love to have -- I'd be very good at a low tone. But when things are done not correctly about you -- written about you, said about you on television, on wherever it is -- you have to defend yourself. I would love to do a very -- a very even tone. It's much easier than what I have to do. I have to go around.And going around is much easier than facing somebody and being treated fairly. But when you're not treated fairly, you really have no choice. I would love to have a very even, modest, boring tone. I would be very honored by that. But you know what? When you have to fight -- all the time fight -- because you're being misrepresented by the media, you really can't do that.Yes, please. Go ahead.Where are you from, please?Okay. Say hello. Say hello to Shinzo.I'm sure he's happy about tariffs on his cars. Go ahead.I don't -- I really don't understand you.Trade with Japan?Well, we're dealing with Japan right now on trade. Japan has -- it's a great country. You have a great Prime Minister who just had a very successful election. He's a very good friend of mine. He's one of the people I'm closest with. And -- but I tell him all the time that Japan does not treat the United States fairly on trade.They send in millions of cars at a very low tax. They don't take our cars. And if they do, they have a massive tax on their cars. Japan -- and I'm not blaming Japan; I'm blaming the people that were in charge of the United States for allowing that to happen. But as you know, we have close to $100 billion trade deficit with Japan.And Japan has treated us very unfairly. But don't feel lonely because you weren't the only one.Yeah, nothing --No, we're going to change it because of trips that are being made. We're going to make it at another date. But we're very happy how it's going with North Korea. We think it's going fine. We're in no rush. We're in no hurry. The sanctions are on.No, no. Listen. Excuse me. Wait.The sanctions are on. The missiles have stopped. The rockets have stopped. The hostages are home. The great heroes have been coming home. Mike Pence was in Hawaii, where the -- one of the most beautiful ceremonies that anyone has ever seen for the fallen. These are great heroes. Very important. When I was running, a lot of people -- as many years ago as it was -- in many cases, grandchildren -- but they were asking about that.They're coming home and they're being provided to us as we speak. But I'm in no rush. I'm in no rush. The sanctions are on. I read a couple of times, and I've seen a few times where they said, "He's done so much." What have I done? I met. Now, I'd love to take the sanctions off. But they have to be responsive, too.It's a two-way street. But we're not in any rush at all. There's no rush whatsoever. You know, before I got here, they were dealing with this for over 70 years. And I guess, on a nuclear front, for 25 years. That's a long time. I've been there; I probably left Singapore four or five months ago. And we made more progress in that four or five months than they've made in 70 years.And nobody else could have done what I've done. But I'll say this -- I'll say this very simply: We're in no rush. The sanctions are on. And whenever it is -- but that meeting is going to be rescheduled.Sometime next year, I would say.Sometime -- sometime early next year. Yeah.Yes, I have. We have a very good relationship.True. That's true.It's very sad to see it. I hate to see it. And, as you know, I've done more -- in fact, if you were with us the last time we met, Prime Minister Netanyahu said that, "This President has done more for Israel than any other President." Those words. Those exact words. Jerusalem, protection, working together -- so many different things.But the big thing is Jerusalem. You know, many, many President have said they are going to build the embassy in Jerusalem. Never happened. Making it the capital of Israel -- never happened. Never happened. But it happened with me, and quickly. And not only did it happen, we built the embassy. That would have taken another 15 or 20 years and cost probably billions of dollars, and we did it for a tiny amount of money.It's already done. It's open. Nobody has done more for Israel than Donald Trump. And the nice part is that's not me saying it; that's Prime Minister Netanyahu.Well, we want to see -- we want to see it healed. And one of the things I think that can help heal is the success of our country. We are really successful now. We've gone up $11.7 trillion in -- in worth. If you know, China has come down tremendously. Tremendously. China would have superseded us in two years as an economic power; now, they're not even close.China got rid of their "China '25" because I found it very insulting. I said that to them. I said, "China '25" is very insulting, because "China '25" means, in 2025, they're going to take over, economically, the world. I said, "That's not happening." And we've gone way up. They've gone down. And I don't want them to go down.We'll have a good meeting and we're going to see what we can do. But I have to say this: Billions of dollars will soon be pouring into our Treasury from taxes that China is paying for us. And if you speak to Mr. Pillsbury, who probably is the leading authority on China -- he was on the other day saying he has never seen anything like it. And you know who else hasn't? China hasn't.But we're going to try and make a deal with China because I want to have great relationships with President Xi, as I do, and also with China.Okay.All right.Go ahead, please.Go ahead, please. Please, please.Please, please. Go ahead. There's so many people, I'm sorry. Go ahead.I think I am a great moral leader, and I love our country. Go ahead, please.Well, I think it's inappropriate -- no, no. I think it's very inappropriate. We should get along and get deals done. Now, we can investigate. They look at us. We look at them. It goes on for two years. Then, at the end of two years, nothing is done. Now, what's bad for them is, being in the majority, I'm just going to blame them.You understand. I'm going to blame them. They're the majority. Honestly, it makes it much simpler for me. I -- they will be blamed. But I think Nancy Pelosi -- and, you know, I put that statement out on social media today about Nancy Pelosi that, if she's short of votes -- because frankly, I think she deserves -- and a lot of people thought I was being sarcastic or I was kidding.I wasn't. I think she deserves it. She's been fighting long for it. She's been fighting -- I really mean this. This was -- there was nothing sarcastic about it or -- it was really meant in -- with very good intentions. I think she deserves it. She's fought long and hard. She's a very capable person. And, you know, you have other people shooting at her, trying to take over the Speakership.And I said, if -- if it's appropriate -- I said, if we can and if we will, if she has a problem, I think I would be able to very easily supply her the necessary votes. That's not said in any way other than I really believe she deserves that position. I also believe that Nancy Pelosi and I can work together and get a lot of things done, along with Mitch and everybody else that we have to work with.I think we'll get a lot done.Okay, go ahead.Go ahead.Excuse me?I think we will. Look, now that the election is over -- the election is over. Now everybody is in love. But then I see the hostility of questions in the room. I come in here as a nice person wanting to answer questions and I have people jumping out of their -- their seats, screaming questions at me. No, the election is over.And I'm, you know, very -- I am extraordinarily happy. I really am. And, by the way, I'd tell you if I wasn't. Look at what happened in Florida. Look at what happened in Georgia. Look at what happened in so many locations with governorships. Nobody talks about the governorships. Look at the amount of work that was given to these other candidates against my candidate.And, I mean, I'm extraordinarily happy. And if I wasn't, I'd let you know. There's nothing wrong. I mean, look, you look at midterms and you look at elections -- elections generally, you see it's very rare that a party who has the presidency does well. We did unbelievably well. To win Florida, both the Senate and the governorship against two very talented people.I'll tell you what: We did incredibly. To win Georgia, where you had some of the biggest stars campaigning endlessly, including President Obama. You know, I'll tell you what: This was a great victory for us. And again, from a dealmaking standpoint, we are all much better off the way it turned out. Because I really believe, if the Democrats want to, we can do a tremendous amount of great legislation.Yes, please. Go ahead. Should we keep this going for a little while?When you get bored, would you please tell me? Seriously, tell me. I don't want to --Oh, no. Hopefully not. I don't want to overstay. But, yes, please. Go ahead.I don't know why you'd say that. That's such a racist question.Oh, I don't believe that. I don't believe that. I don't believe -- well, I don't know. Why do I have my highest poll numbers ever with African Americans? Why do I have among the highest poll numbers with African Americans? I mean, why do I have my highest poll numbers? That's such a racist question. Honestly, I mean, I know you have it written down, and you're going to tell me. Let me tell you: It's a racist question.I love -- and you know what the word is? I love our country. I do. You call -- you have nationalists. You have globalists. I also love the world and I don't mind helping the world, but we have to straighten out our country first. We have a lot of problems.Excuse me. But to say that -- what you said is so insulting to me. It's a very terrible thing that you said.Okay. Please, go ahead. Go ahead.Excuse me.You have to ask them.Excuse me.You know what my plan is? You know what my plan is? I'll ask them. And if they say yes, I'm all for it. And if they say no, there's nothing you can do because you need their votes. Go ahead.It's not a question of want. I would've -- so, let me answer it a little -- would I have preferred winning by two or three or four? I would almost have to think about that. But certainly, I like to win. And if I win, she's not going to be Speaker.Honestly, we had a very warm conversation. You know, she loves this country. And she's a very smart woman. She's done a very good job. She was really -- I mean, she's had a very -- she's had a very --She's had a very, very -- we didn't talk about impeaching. We didn't talk about -- what do you do? Do you impeach somebody because he created the greatest economic success in the history of our country? "Let's impeach him because the country is so successful. Let's impeach him." "Has he done anything wrong?" They asked somebody, "Has he done anything wrong?" "No, but let's impeach him anyway." And they also said, "Let's impeach Justice Kavanaugh.Let's impeach him." And now they have the second woman coming out that -- the first or second. And I hate to say this, but it was public. "And, after him, we're going to impeach the Vice President. We're going to impeach Mike Pence." Mike Pence doesn't get impeached for anything. "So let's impeach the President, and then we'll impeach the Vice President." These people are sick.And you know what? They have to get their bearing. Really, they have to get their bearing. And when you ask about division, they're the ones that caused the division. They caused tremendous division.Who is retiring?Many retirements, yeah.In Jeff Flake's case, it's me. Pure and simple. I retired him. I'm very proud of it. I did the country a great service. Go ahead. Give him a -- [Laughter]. Give him a -- he is retired. I'd like to call it another word, but we're going to treat him with great respect. Go ahead.Jeff Flake. That's another beauty. Go ahead.No, one. One. One. One. Too many people. Sorry.No. No.No. You know, when I don't do the -- I think Sarah is fantastic. Where is Sarah? Where is Sarah? Sarah is so great. I think, Sarah, you've represented me so well and been abused. She's been horribly treated by a lot of people.No, no. It's very interesting because Sarah was telling -- we were talking about it the other day. So I had a period where I figured, you know what I'll do? I won't do any real interviews. And then they start saying, "Why doesn't he do -- why?" And they're all coming up with all kinds -- Then over the last couple of months I decided, I'll do a lot -- we'll stop at the helicopter, we'll do this, we'll do a lot of -- and then they say, "Why is he doing so many press conferences?What's wrong? What?" So when I don't do them, you say, "What's wrong?" When I do do them, you say, "What's wrong?" And when I go in the middle, you say, "What's wrong?" But in the media -- you know that, Jon. Right?You're sort of right.Okay, good.No, no. You did. Excuse me. Well, you complained about access when I purposely just stayed away from the press for a while because I wanted to see how it worked. And can I be honest with you? It didn't work well.Okay, please. Go ahead. No. Go ahead.I do, too. Actually? I do, too.It's called "earned media." It's worth billions. Go ahead.I know. Sure. But I didn't say it prevented me, I said lawyers will tell you not to do it. Go ahead. What's your next question? Go ahead.Come on. Let's go. More exciting question than that, please.That's false.That's false.I don't know who Lil Jon is. I don't -- I really don't.I don't know. Oh, he was? Okay. Oh, I see. I don't know.No. No, I would never do that and I don't use racist remarks. And you know what? If I did, you people would've known about it. I've been hearing there are tapes. For years and years, "There are tapes." Number one, I never worried about it because I never did. I never used racist remarks. I have never used racist remarks.Okay.Go ahead.Quiet. Quiet.Quiet. Quiet. Go ahead.See, when you talk about division, it's people like this that cause division. Great division.Great -- no. No, point of fact is that I never used a racist remark. That's the point of fact.Where -- who are you from?Yahoo! -- oh, Yahoo! -- oh, good. Good, I hope they're doing well.Where are you from?Lebanon. Good.Who said that?I know. I know.I just can't understand his speak --So let me just say about the oil, okay? So we're -- we imposed, just recently, the strongest sanctions in the history of our country, just about. Although I guess North Korea is there, too. But I gave some countries a break on the oil. I did it a little bit because they really asked for some help. But I really did it because I don't want to drive oil prices up to $100 a barrel or $150 a barrel, because I'm driving them down.If you look at oil prices, they've come down very substantially over the last couple of months. That's because of me. Because you have a monopoly called "OPEC." And I don't like -- wait.And I don't like that monopoly. I don't like it. And oil prices are coming down. So rather than deciding to be as tough as I am on most of the sanctions, what I've done is I said, "We're not going to do it that way; we're going to let some of the oil go out to these countries that really do need it because I don't want to drive the oil prices up to $100 or $150 a barrel, which could happen very easily.It's a very fragile market. Very, very fragile. I know it very well. And it's the absolute right decision. And they'll get tougher as time goes by, maybe, but I don't want to have any effect on the oil prices worldwide, where I drive them up. Because I consider that to be a tax, and I don't like taxes. Go ahead.Go ahead. Please. Please.Who?Oh, congratulations to Jon Tester. Congratulations. I'm sure you're very unhappy about that. Go ahead.Yes. Please, go ahead.We'll take a couple of more, and then we'll go.Do you think that's the reason that the candidate lost?Well, I mean, look, I wasn't involved in Georgia. I wasn't.Other than I love the state. I do love the state.I heard it was very efficient in Georgia. I heard it was very efficient. But again, you'd have to ask the state governments because -- just one of those things you're going to have to ask them. Yeah, go ahead. Please. Please, go ahead.I would -- I would do that. Yeah. I would look at that very seriously. I think it's a serious problem. At the same time, you start getting into speech; that's a very dangerous problem. That could be the beginning. So it's very dangerous. Believe it or not, I'm one that really likes free speech. A lot of people don't understand that.But I am a big believer. And when you start regulating, a lot of bad things can happen. But I would certainly talk to the Democrats if they want to do that. And I think they do want to do that. Yes, sir. Go ahead.I do. I do. I think that some of it I can use executive power -- on some. Not all. But I got -- I mean, he certainly used it. He used it on DACA. And when he did it, he said something to the effect that "I'm not allowed to do this, it will never hold up, but I'm doing it anyway." And he did it and they found judges that approved it. We also found judges that didn't approve it, so it's obviously going to be determined in the Supreme Court.And if the Supreme -- if the court rules in favor of what President Obama thinks they should rule -- which is what he said -- then I will probably have a deal with the Democrats in a very short period of time. We were very close to having a deal until we got that very strange ruling.Which one are you talking about?We are looking at it very seriously. Absolutely.And I believe we have the absolute right. But that's another case that will be determined by the Supreme Court of the United States.You've been reading the same documents as I have; you know exactly what I'm doing. You know exactly what I'm doing. So go ahead. What's your next question?Yeah. Very sad thing. Very terrible thing.I'll have a much stronger opinion on that subject over the next week, and I'm working very closely with Congress. We're working together. Some very talented people. And we're working with Congress, we're working with Turkey, and we're working with Saudi Arabia. And I'm forming a very strong opinion. Go ahead, Jon.Go ahead, Jon.No.No.Well, I believe that. I believe that. With their current policy, they are using a wrecking ball on our country. I believe that 100 percent. This would be a wrecking ball. But I think there's a compromise somewhere, and I think that could be really good for our country. Okay, how about one more?No, I don't. No. No. No.Do I regret it?Surprised you would ask me that question. I do not. Go ahead, please.Yeah, I do. I do believe that's a problem.I believe all hate is a problem, but I do believe that is a problem.And it's a problem we want to solve.Okay, go ahead.No, we have given funding for that -- a lot of funding. But I do believe it's a problem. And can I tell you what -- it's a problem that I don't like even a little bit. Go ahead.I think my message was very well received. I mean, just look at the results. Midterm elections are disasters for sitting Presidents and administrations. This has been a very successful -- and, look, you can write it any way you want. And if you disagree with me -- this has been incredibly success -- when you look at the races.How about Ohio? I didn't even mention. I mentioned Florida; I mentioned Georgia. How about the governor of Ohio? A fantastic --Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me. A fantastic man, who was down on the polls. And everybody was talking about this person that was so great. And I went up there, and I did a rally, and they have now a great governor -- you're going to have a great governor in Ohio for, hopefully, a long period of time. But for four years.And -- Mike DeWine is a fantastic person. And I went up there for two reasons: Because I felt that his opposition was not a good person -- and we know a lot about him -- and I felt that Mike was a fantastic person. And he won. And not only did he win, he won easily. So add that to Florida, and add that to Georgia, and add that to all of the other races that we won -- outside, even, of the Senate races, which were the biggest of all.Because these were races that -- and Mike Pence can tell you, and some of the folks over here can tell you -- these were races that were going to be unopposed. We were not going to oppose certain of the people running -- certain senators. They said they couldn't be beaten. They said Heidi could not be beaten.Please, don't do it. This was a year out.Excuse me. You -- no, but you're telling me about -- you're telling me about popularity. They said many of these people -- when I said 9 out of 11 -- but I said -- when many of these people -- these weren't like easy races; they were tough races. And so I think the level of popularity -- the first question I was asked was about, "Well, what have you learned?What about your own popularity?" I think that's what I learned, is -- I was very well received by this great country, by the people of our great country. And I'm very proud of that, because I love the people of this country. These people -- we are the greatest people. I love the people of our country.And I'll tell you something: When you look at the races that we won in Florida, which we weren't expected to win; and Georgia, which we weren't expected to win; and Ohio, which we weren't expected to win -- and won; I mean, you look at some of them -- the number of votes that we got is incredible. So I'm really happy with not only the way it came out, but the response to me as your President.And as your President, I made our country safe. I've rebuilt and am in the process of rebuilding our military. And the jobs are here. Every one of them built here. We're going to have the strongest -- very shortly, we're going to have the strongest military our country has ever had. I've done more for the vets than any President has done, certainly in many, many decades, with Choice and with other things, as you know.With other things. But our vets are doing better than they've ever done. But if you look at Choice -- Choice alone -- I mean, just take a look at what we've done with Choice. But the people of our country are very happy with the job that I'm doing. And you know, one of the things --One of the things -- one of the things that they want so much is security. They want security, both at the border -- they want it with our military; they want it with law enforcement; they want it with ICE. You know, we've taken out thousands of MS-13 gang members -- thousands out of our -- hard to believe -- thousands -- out of our country.Women of our country, who are incredible people, they want security; they want safety. They want financial security also. We've done that. But they want physical security. And we've taken out thousands of people that shouldn't be in this country. But we have to get strong immigration laws so they don't come in. We want laws where they don't come in, where we don't have to take them out, per se. And again, I'm very honored to be with all of you.It was a great day yesterday. It was a great evening. I think we had a tremendous success. And hopefully the tone can get better. Hopefully --Hopefully the tone can get a lot better. And I really believe it begins with the media. I really -- we used to call it the "press." But I really --But I really believe it begins with the media. If you would cover -- and there was a very interesting story written in a very good paper recently that talked about the fact that it isn't good what the media is doing, and that I do have the right to fight back because I'm treated very unfairly. So I do fight back.And I'm fighting back not for me; I'm fighting back for the people of this country. Thank you all very much. Thank you.Hello, folks. So we're going to Ohio. We're going to Indiana. We're going to Missouri. And I think we're going to have a very good day. They're packed houses. Every one of them is packed.And there is a great electricity in the air. I don't know if you report it that way, but there's a great electricity in the air, like we haven't seen, in my opinion, since the '16 election. So something is happening. We'll see.But I think we're going to do very well, and you're going to have three very exciting stops. We'll be doing three major speeches in front of big crowds -- very big crowds.Well, we haven't set anything up yet. We don't know that that's going to be the right place. I'm going to be in Paris for other reasons. But we will be meeting at the G20. And probably we'll have meetings after that -- probably plenty of meetings.Getting along with Russia, China, and all of them would be a good thing; I've said it for a long time. So we'll have plenty of meetings. But I'm not sure that we'll have a meeting in Paris -- probably not.I don't know about it. I mean, you're telling me something I don't know about. We have a lot of ads. And they certainly are effective, based on the numbers that we're seeing.Well, a lot of things are offensive. Your questions are offensive a lot of times -- so, you know.Well, I don't think so. But, I mean, I'm willing to accept that. I think we're doing well. I think the Senate -- we're doing very well. And I think we're going to do very well in the House. If you look, over a hundred years, for whatever reason, the party with the President doesn't do very well. I think we're going to do pretty well.I have never seen -- look, you're covering me. The energy that we have, the energy that this whole party has now, it's really incredible. Whether it's the great economy, or the immigration -- our strong stand and their very weak stand, where they have open borders, which, to me, means nothing but crime -- I don't know. But I can tell you that there's a lot of energy.Well, we'll see what it is. I mean, we're going to see what happens. And I have a feeling that others will want to get things done. And right now, we're before the election. But after the election, I would imagine other people will want to get things done. We'll see.Just take a look. All you have to do is go around, take a look at what's happened over the years, and you'll see. There are a lot of people -- a lot of people -- my opinion, and based on proof -- that try and get in illegally and actually vote illegally. So we just want to let them know that there will be prosecutions at the highest level.With the oil, it's very interesting. We have the toughest sanctions ever imposed. But on oil, we want to go a little bit slower because I don't want to drive the oil prices in the world -- this has nothing to do with Iran -- I don't want to drive the oil prices in the world up. So I'm not looking to be a great hero and bring it down to zero immediately.I could get the Iran oil down to zero immediately, but it would cause a shock to the market. I don't want to lift oil prices.And if you notice, oil prices are going down very substantially, despite the fact that already half of their capacity is gone.But I don't want to do that. I saw some people saying, "Oh, why aren't you tougher on that?" Well, number one, the sanctions are very tough. Number two, I don't want to lift the oil prices worldwide by clamping down 100 percent. It will be a gradual.Well, everything -- yeah. Administrations make changes, usually after midterms. And probably, we'll be right in that category, too. I think it's very customary.No timeline. No, no timeline. I really -- I mean, for the most part, I love my Cabinet. We have some really talented people. Look at the deals we're making on trade. Look at the job we've done in so many different things, including foreign affairs.I mean, we've done -- we've done record-setting work. I don't know that we get the credit for it, but that's okay.Very good. I'll announce before the end of the week. The U.N. Ambassador -- I will announce before the end of the week.Why would I do that?Oh, I don't know, is that the new rumor? No. No, I don't at all.I was surprised by that question. I hadn't heard that one.Well, I think he's done a very good job. I do think he's done a very good job.Well, I haven't seen it yet, but I'll take a look. I'm going to look at any reports. I'll take a look. Certainly, I would not be happy with that at all. But I will take a look. But he's done a very good job as Secretary.Okay? Thank you. See you.So we have a tremendous crowd of people waiting. It's packed outside, as you'll be able to see. But it's -- they've never seen crowds like this over here. And there's something going on that's really positive for the Republicans. We'll see tomorrow, but there's something going on. And Mike Braun has become well known. He's highly respected. And we're going over now to do a rally with Mike.Well, I think the stakes are like everywhere else. In Indiana, they like our candidate. It's really about the candidate. But if they want to give me the credit or the liability, I'll be willing to take it. But we have a great, great group of candidates.And Mike Braun, he's right at the top. He's done –- he's run a brilliant campaign. Polls just came out; he's actually leading by a little bit. But I don't want to tell Mike that because maybe he'll slow up for the last couple of hours.But I know him too well. He'll never do that.But it's a great race. It's a great race. It's a great state. I won it by a lot, and Mike is going to have a big victory. Okay?We'll just have to work a little bit differently. It'll all work out. But I don't think that's going to happen. I think we're doing very well in the House. I think we're doing very well in the Senate. There is something going on, okay? I'm just telling you, we all left Ohio together -- you never saw crowds like this. Thousands and thousands of people outside. In Indiana, you have to see the crowds. And I just got a call from Missouri. We're going to have -- Rush Limbaugh is going to introduce me, which is an honor. And I just had a call from Missouri. They say they've never seen anything like it.So it's really something. Something is happening. There's a lot of electricity in the air. Let's see what happens. Right, Mike?No, I don't care. They can do whatever they want, and I can do whatever I want.Thank you all very much. Thank you.I'm now leaving for Georgia. I'll be doing a rally. We have a tremendous number of people, as you know -- as you probably know -- standing outside, trying to get in. It's for Brian Kemp; he's running for Governor of Georgia.We're then going to Tennessee, where we have a tremendous crowd. We have a lot of crowds. I don't know what that means, I but I guess we always have a lot of crowds. But I think it really portends something that's very interesting.In Tennessee, it's Marsha Blackburn, and she's doing tremendously well. She's a great candidate. She'll be a great senator from Tennessee.But that will be the second stop. The first stop is Georgia. So we're going to have a very busy day. Tremendous crowds.I think we're going to do well with the House. I think that my primary focus, of course, has been on the Senate, because there are so many people in the House, and that's a lot of stops. But I have done some House work also. But I think we're going to do well in the House. But as you know, my primary focus has been on the Senate, and I think we're doing really well in the Senate.If you look at early returns, the early returns are very positive. So, you know, with so many people in Congress, with so many people in the House, it's very hard to make those stops. But I've made a number. I think we're going to do well in the House. I think we're going to do really well in the Senate.And there is something going on out there, and I think you know what I mean. There's something going on. There's something that's very interesting that's happening.The level of fervor, the level of fever is very strong in the Republican side. So I can't speak to the blue, but I can speak to the red. There's a lot of energy out there. They want to see border security. They don’t want people pouring into our country. They don’t want open borders. They don’t want to pay for other people's healthcare.There's a lot of enthusiasm on the Republican side. I haven’t seen it really -- I haven’t seen it really since our big election victory in '16. It's tremendous. There's a tremendous spirit out there.I haven't been briefed, no. I don't know anything about it. I know that Brian Kemp is running a great campaign, and I think he's going to be a fantastic governor of Georgia. That's why I'm going. But he's run a really great campaign. He's very -- he's really -- I mean, he studied for this job for a long time. He will be a great executive, and he will keep Georgia going on the path that it's going, which is up. He's going to do a great job.We'll make a statement about that at the appropriate time.Well, I do focus on the economy, but you people don’t like to cover that. I mean, we have the greatest economy. We have the greatest economy in the history of our country. The jobs report that came out on Friday -- 250,000 added jobs in just October. It was incredible. Wages going up 3.1 percent. If you look at every single element of that report was a 10. It was perfect.And we have the greatest economy ever, but you people don’t want to cover that. You would much rather cover illegal immigration, which is okay for me too, because frankly, we are doing a great job at the border. Nobody else could do the job that we're doing. And as you know, the Democrats want to have open borders and all of those tens of thousands of people pour into our country. That's not going to happen.No, I don’t view this as for myself. You can. I mean, I see headlines in the New York Times that it's really about me, and it's not really. But I'll accept that. I think we're going to do very well in the Senate. I think we're going to do well in the House. The difference is I can't campaign for all of those House members; there's so many of them.But I can go out and help senators, and I think I've made a big difference. I think I've made a difference of five or six or seven. That's a big difference. And everywhere I've gone, we've had, you know, massive crowds.No, these rallies are the best thing we've done. I think that the rallies have really been the thing that's caused this whole big fervor to start and to continue. I have never seen such excitement. Maybe back in '16, during the presidential -- right around the vote.But I have never seen such a enthusiastic Republican Party. They're enthusiastic about how well the economy is doing, and they're enthusiastic about security. They're enthusiastic about taxes being lowered and getting lower again. They're really enthusiastic about the border. They're really seeing something very, very good at the border.We're going to work on the tax cut. We already started. I've been working with Kevin Brady. We're working with the House. We're doing a 10-percent tax cut. Now, it could be that if we lose control of the House, that's not going to happen. But we're going to be doing a 10-percent tax cut for the middle class. We're starting the process already with Kevin Brady, and we're very well along on it. We'll be submitting when they come back.I don't know what you --Well, the Iran sanctions are very strong. They're the strongest sanctions we've ever imposed. And we'll see what happens with Iran, but they're not doing very well, I can tell you. Iran is not going very well. It's a big difference since I've been in office. When I came to office, if you go a day before, it looked like Iran was going to take over the Middle East.It was a question of literally less than years -- very quickly. And now nobody is talking about that. So we'll see what happens. But the Iran sanctions have gone into effect. They're the strongest sanctions that our country has ever issued.Say it?No. I think that, from what I understand, the Georgia campaign of Brian Kemp has been extraordinary. A lot of people are voting, and I think a lot of Republicans are voting because they want to see Georgia go forward, not go backward.If she gets in, Georgia is going backward. If he gets in, Georgia goes forward. And that's what people want. Thank you. Thank you.Thank you very much, and it will be a very exciting five days. We're doing numerous trips to numerous great places, great states. And I hear we're doing very well, but we'll -- we'll let you know on Tuesday night. You'll know before I will, I suspect.I will say that we had tremendous job numbers today. It was just released -- 250,000 new jobs created in the month of October. That was shocking for a lot of people, and that was a tremendous number by any standard. And that's despite the hurricanes. The hurricanes normally have a big impact, and I'm sure these hurricanes -- they were massive -- they had a big impact. But -- so the 250,000 new jobs in October was an incredible number.We also had a wage increase of 3.1 percent. It's like a perfect increase. It's an incredible number, but it's a perfect increase.So the country is doing, I think, maybe you could say, better than it's ever done. We have a lot of new companies moving into the United States. And that's where we're letting people in. We're letting them in based on merit.We need workers. We need people to come in -- at 3.7 percent, which was also announced this morning -- 250,000 jobs; 3.7 percent; and a 3.1 percent or so wage increase. It's like, really unbelievable numbers. So that just came out. I'm sure you people know about it.Sure. I would. Sure.No, they won't have to fire. What I don't want is, I don't want these people throwing rocks. It's turned out -- in fact, it was just announced by Homeland Security -- you have, in just certain areas, over 300 people that they know are trouble.What they did to the Mexican military is a disgrace. They hit them with rocks -- some were very seriously injured. And they were throwing rocks in their face.They do that with us, they're going to be arrested. There is going to be problems. I didn't say "shoot." I didn't say "shoot." But they do that with us, they're going to be arrested for a long time.We'll arrest them. But ICE and Border Patrol is there with the military.Which are you talking about? Who?You know who's going to determine that? The Supreme Court of the United States. The Supreme Court will -- the Supreme Court will determine that.The Supreme Court is going to determine that. Many, many people feel that.Yes, go ahead.We've had very good discussions with China. We're getting much closer to doing something. They very much want to make a deal. As you know, their economy went way down since we've been doing this skirmish.I spoke with President Xi yesterday. They very much want to make a deal. I think we'll make a deal with China. And I think it'll be a very fair deal for everybody, but it will a good deal for the United States.Say it.Well, we're going to meet at the G20. We're going to have dinner. President Xi and I have agreed to meet at the G20. We'll be having dinner. We'll be discussing it. But I think a very good deal will be made with China. They want to make it very badly. We want to make a deal if we can. And a lot of progress has been made. A lot of progress.And they understand that if a deal isn't made, we're doing very well the way we're doing it right now, you understand that. Two hundred and fifty billion dollars at 25 percent. And it could be elevated by another $267 billion at 25 percent or more.So, we're doing very well, but I believe -- I know they want to make a deal. They've been hit very hard. Their economy has been very, very bad.I will say this: If we can make the right deal for this country -- and also, they're going to make the right deal for them. If we can open up China and make it fair for the first time ever -- this should have been done years ago by other Presidents but it wasn't. I am very willing to do it.But China very much wants to make a deal.Who was arrested?I wish him luck. [Laughter]No, no, no, no. No. No. But if our soldiers -- or Border Patrol or ICE -- are going to be hit in the face with rocks, we're going to arrest those people. That doesn't mean shoot them. But we're going to arrest those people quickly and for a long period of time.Everything we're doing is totally legal. It's all going through the courts. But we have one of the few systems, where instead of telling people, "You can't come in," we take them in and we have to bring them through a court system. It is the most ridiculous system in the world. It's obsolete, but that's not the problem. The problem is it's a stupid system. And it doesn't work, and the Democrats and the Republicans should change it immediately.We can do it one day; we could have it fixed. But the Democrats don't want to do it because they're playing politics. And actually, I think it's very bad politics because the people of this country know what's going on better than they do.And you know what? We could fix our immigration system in one day if we could sit down with them. But they don't want to do it because they want open border, and open borders mean crime. They want -- they want those people coming up by the thousands. And you know, honestly, they always have come up. They want them to pour into our country.And in the group -- and you just saw the report that came out -- you have a lot of bad people. You have people that are criminals. You have people with records. You have people with criminal records.We could fix this system so quickly, so easily. But we need some Democrat votes. Or vote all Republican. If we had more Republicans, it would be fixed immediately.Say it?That's right, sanctions start on Iran. They're very serious sanctions. They're very big. They'll be elevated from there. But, as you know, sanctions are starting on Iran and, you know, Iran is taking a very big hit. The country is not the same country as when I started almost two years ago. Iran is a much different country since I terminated that deal. That was one of the most ridiculous deals ever made by any country, at any time: the Iran nuclear deal.But sanctions very much are elevated as of -- you know when: next week.The Democrats never had a bipartisan agreement. They're trying to say that. They never had a bipartisan -- then tell them to come around and see me. They had an agreement that was a one-sided agreement that I would never approve. You've got to get rid of catch-and-release. You've got to get rid of chain migration. You've got to get rid of the visa lottery. They never agreed to any of that. Ask them if they agreed. They never agreed to it.Well, I hope they won't. We're going to see. I hope they won't.You know what? We're not going to stand for people doing what they did to the Mexican military and to the Mexican police, what they did to those people. They were very badly hurt, very badly injured -- the military and the police. What they did with rocks being thrown in their faces -- not going to happen to our soldiers.No, no. You know what? You're creating violence by your questions, you know.You are creating -- you. And also, a lot of the reporters are creating violence by not writing the truth. The fake news is creating violence.And you know what? The people that support Trump and the people that support us, which is a lot of people -- most people, many people -- those people know when a story is true, and they know when a story is false. And I'll tell you what, if the media would write correctly, and write accurately, and write fairly, you would have a lot less violence in the country.Well, we're going to see. I think we're doing very well. Certainly, we're doing very well in the Senate, which is obviously very important. And I think we're going to do also well in the House. We're going to see. I can only say this: The House is a lot of stops.What's your next question? How many questions do you have? No more.We're doing a perfect executive order and the border is closed to these people. They're not coming in. They will go through the system, and then they'll be shipped back depending on what happens with asylum.Just so you understand -- Honduras, El Salvador, all of these countries -- they're getting millions and millions of dollars. They're doing nothing for us. They're doing nothing. They let their people come up and they form their caravans in the country. They are doing nothing. We're paying them hundreds of millions of dollars. Guess what? That money is going to stop very soon.Thank you all very much.Say it again.I have no idea what she said.[Inaudible] right now. We're getting billions of dollars coming in. We're getting $14 [Billion], $15 billion. That's never happened with China before. And China has been hit very hard. We have not. We're doing well.We had the best job numbers that you can imagine -- 250,000. Today -- it was really amazing. Today, it was just announced for the month of October -- 250,000 jobs; 3.7 percent unemployment, which is fantastic; and wages going up [Inaudible]. And also, job opportunity going way up, where people can now get the job they want.So the numbers are about as good as you'll ever see. And that's despite some really bad hurricanes. It's really -- it usually detracts. [Inaudible] it would have even been better, but the 250,000 jobs in October was a shocking number even to some of the great economists. I could tell you: Larry Kudlow, Kevin Hassett -- all of these people, they were so impressed.So we're really doing it. The economy -- the economy is on fire. I think it may be the greatest economy our country has ever had. And I hope people realize that when they go out on Tuesday and they vote or if they do early voting. But I hope people realize that.Thank you.Well, a final message to voters is, number one, we want to have strong borders. But if you look at what's happening with our country, we have the greatest economy we probably have ever had. We just had among the best job numbers we've ever had: 250,000 jobs created in October despite tremendous hurricanes, which are always a huge detriment. Everybody thought -- even we thought -- the number could never be anywhere near that because of the hurricanes.So really, we have the greatest economy we've ever had. People are working. We're down to 3.7 percent unemployment. We're doing some very special things.Plus, everybody got the tremendous tax reduction. People are bringing home more money. And you know what else about the jobs? They now can go out and get a job they want because they have a choice. They never had any choices. They can go out and get a job they want.And speaking of choice, what we've done for the military and the vets -- we've gotten them Choice, where they can now go to a doctor and the United States pays for it instead of waiting in line for two months and three months and not being able to see a doctor, and literally dying -- dying while they were waiting on line to see a doctor.After 44 years they've been working on it, I got it approved. And that's Choice for veterans. So it's a great thing.So our country is doing really well and I will see you in West Virginia. See you in West Virginia.So I'm going to one of my favorite places in the world -- Florida -- to speak on behalf of, hopefully, Governor DeSantis who's running a very good campaign. They've got it going now. And also, as you know, Rick Scott, who's been a great governor and hopefully he'll be your new senator.I'm going to Florida. We'll spend a lot of time. We're going to make a speech tonight, or a rally. And we have a tremendous crowd. We have a lot of people. Whatever it is, it's packed.So I look forward to being in Florida. And I guess some of you are going with us and some of your aren't. But if you're not, we'll be missing you.It seems that the campaign is going very well. It looks like we're doing very, very well in the Senate. A lot of seats that were not really being thought of in terms of victories a year ago now are looking like they could very well be victories. And the House is -- a lot of people. I mean, there are a lot of people. And I think we're going to do well in the House, also. But I know we're doing well in the Senate, and it looks like we're doing okay in the House. We're going to have to see. There's just so many people.Birthright citizenship is a very, very important subject. In my opinion, it's much less complex than people think. I think it says it very loud and clear in the Constitution that you don't have to go through the process of whatever they're talking about. And, by the way, this is not a Constitutional amendment. You don't need a Constitutional amendment for birthright citizenship.I believe that you can have a simple vote in Congress, or it's even possible, in my opinion -- this is after meeting with some very talented legal scholars -- that you can do it through an executive order. Now, I'd rather do it through Congress, because that's permanent. But we can certainly do it through -- I really believe we can do it through executive order.One other thing: If President Obama can get DACA approved, if you look at DACA -- where he actually said, "Well, this isn't legal, or this I can't do, but I'll do it anyway," and then he gets a judge to approve it -- and it will ultimately be decided by the Supreme Court, I hope quickly -- but certainly if he can do DACA, we can do this by executive order.With that being said, I think Congress will ultimately act, but I may very well do it by executive order. Just so you understand: A person comes in, was never in our country before, has a baby, and now, all of a sudden, the baby is a United States citizen. And through chain migration and other things, many other people come in, through the baby. It's ridiculous.All you have to do is take a look at what Harry Reid said in 1993. And guess what? Before he went insane, he got it right.No, I'm not going to blame anybody. I think we're doing well with the House. We're going to have to see. It's a lot of people. I campaigned for a lot of candidates that were down a little bit, and now they're up. But we're going to see. I think we're going to do well in the House, and I think we're doing, really, extraordinarily well in the Senate.No.Say it again. What?Not betrayed me, no. I just hope that it all works out. We have a lot of facts. We have a lot of things that we've been looking at. They haven't betrayed me. I mean, maybe they betrayed themselves. We'll have to see how it all turns out.No, I'm not fearmongering at all. Immigration is a very important subject. The Democrats have let immigration in our country get out of control with their horrible, not allowing us to have any votes to get passage. We need Democrat votes to change the immigration laws. They haven't given us any votes. And I actually think that they will.As far as the caravan, which is very dangerous -- you see what's been happening -- as far as the caravan is concerned, our military is out. We have about 5,800. We'll go up anywhere between 10,000 and 15,000 military personnel, on top of Border Patrol, ICE, and everybody else at the border.Nobody is coming in. We're not allowing people to come in. If you look at what happened in Mexico two days ago, with the roughness of these people in the second caravan that's been forming, and also, frankly, in the first caravan, and now they have one forming in El Salvador -- and we are thinking very seriously immediately stopping aid to those countries. Because, frankly, they're doing nothing for the American people. Immigration is a very, very big and very dangerous -- a really dangerous topic, and we're not going to allow people to come into our country that don't have the wellbeing of our country in mind.Oh, they'll be here fast. They're trying to get up any way they can. They're trying to get up by train. They're trying to get up by truck and by buses. We're going to be prepared. They're not coming into our country. And one other thing important: We're not doing any releases anymore. We're not going to release and let them never come back to trial.We'll build 10 cities. We'll build whatever we have to build, in terms of housing. But we're not doing releases. What's been happening over years is they would come in, release them, and they'd never show up for their trial. And we now have 25 or 30 million people in this country illegally because of what's been happening over many years.So we're not going to allow it. It's dangerous. And it's very unfair to our citizens. With that being said, I want people to come into our country, but they have to come in legally and they have to come through merit -- a merit system. Because we have many companies -- as you know, car companies, Foxconn, that does the Apple computers and iPhones -- we have many, many companies coming into our country. We need people. We want them to come in but we want them to come in through merit, and we want them to come in legally.I wouldn't be surprised. I wouldn't be surprised.I don't know who. But I wouldn't be surprised. A lot of people say yes.We get along great. He's a good guy.Say it?No, I don't think so. Whatever it is -- here's the thing: I don't view suburban districts or any other districts. I view the country. Our country has to be safe.And, by the way, women -- we're doing very well with the women vote because they want security, they want safety. They don't want these people pouring into our country totally unchecked. And when you look at what happened to the Mexican police, and you look at what happened two days ago to the Mexican military, it's a dangerous group of people. They're not coming into our country. Thank you.We'll see you in Florida.I’ve been following very closely the events of Squirrel Hill. I’ll be speaking and will be making a statement at the Farmers of America. You see what we're doing. The Future Farmers -- they have the big conference, and we'll be going there. I guess some of you will be going with me, and we'll be making a major statement.It's a terrible, terrible thing what's going on with hate in our country, frankly, and all over the world. And something has to be done. Something has to be done.But it looks like the results are coming in and they're far more devastating than anybody originally thought in the morning. In the morning, they thought that it was a shooter but they had the shooter, or they soon would. But the results are very devastating. You're seeing the numbers come in.So we'll be speaking to you at the conference, the Future Farmers of America Conference. And it's just a shame to watch this and to see this. For so many years, so much of it is absolutely a shame.Do you have any questions?I can't -- talk up a little bit.Well, again, this has little to do with it if you take a look. If they had protection inside, the results would have been far better. This is a dispute that will always exist, I suspect. But if they had some kind of a protection inside the temple, maybe it could have been a very much different situation, but they didn’t. And he was able to do things that, unfortunately, he shouldn’t have been able to do.I hear the police were outstanding. I hear the police did an incredible job. And as you know, numerous police were badly injured.But again, law enforcement did a fantastic job. But we're going to have a very complete statement for you. The results are coming in of what took place, how it took place. Again, law enforcement was outstanding, as always. I mean, as usual and as always, law enforcement was really outstanding. They stepped up to the plate.But Pittsburgh -- a great community, incredible people. I spoke with the Governor. I spoke to the Mayor. And to see this happening again and again and again is just a shame.Well, it's a violence that's -- you look at the violence all over the world. I mean, the world has violence. The world is a violent world. And you think when you're over it, it just sort of goes away, but then it comes back in the form of a mad man, a whacko. I think one thing we should is we should stiffen up our laws in terms of the death penalty. When people do this, they should get the death penalty, and they shouldn’t have to wait years and years.Now, the lawyers will get involved, and everybody is going to get involved, and we'll be 10 years down the line. And I think they should stiffen up laws, and I think they should very much bring the death penalty into vogue. Anybody that does a thing like this to innocent people that are in temple or in church -- we had so many incidents with churches -- they should be -- they should really suffer the ultimate price. They should pay the ultimate price. I felt that way for a long time. Some people disagree with me. I can't imagine why. But this has to stop.So we're going to have a statement at our stop with the young farmers.It's a case where -- and again, nobody knows exactly what took place yet. It's too soon. But this is a case where if they had an armed guard inside, they might have been able to stop him immediately. So this would be a case for, if there was an armed guard inside the temple, they would have been able to stop him. Maybe there would have been nobody killed, except for him, frankly. So it's a very, very -- very difficult situation. And when you look at it, we can look at it two ways.But again, if they had somebody to protect people. Now, isn’t a shame that you even have to speak that way? Isn't it a shame that we even have to think of that inside of a temple or inside of a church? But certainly the results might have been far better.I hate to think of it that way, I will say that. I hate to think of it that way.So we'll see you with the Future farmers.No, it's certainly an option. I mean, in this world -- this is a world with a lot of problems. And it has been a world with a lot of problems for many years -- many, many years, and you could say, frankly, for many centuries. I mean, you look at what goes on.But certainly you want protection, and they didn’t have any protection. They had a maniac walk in, and they didn’t have any protection. And that is just so sad to see. So sad to see. The results could have been much better. It is a very, very -- it's a very difficult thing. For me to stand as President and to watch any of this go -- you know, before I ran for office, and I'd watch instances like this with churches and other things, I'd say, "What a shame. What a shame."But it's even tougher when you're the President of the United States and you have to watch this kind of a thing happen. It is so sad to see. So we'll see you with the young farmers. A lot of them are out there.We're always talking. We're always talking.So we're with the Future Farmers of America, a tremendous group of people. A tremendous gathering. It's the future. And we look very much forward to that.And what happened today is a horrible, horrible thing. We're learning a lot about it. It looks definitely like it's an anti-Semitic crime. And that is something you wouldn't believe could still be going on. But it would seem to be an anti-Semitic crime.We'll have a lot of information over the next hour. The FBI is involved. Everybody is involved. And I spoke with the Governor, Governor Wolf. I spoke with the Mayor of Pittsburgh, who is a terrific guy, and he is devastated. So we'll have a lot of information over the next hour.But a lot of people killed. A lot of people very badly wounded. And they say as a crime scene, it's one of the worst that some professionals, that have seen many, many crimes scenes, they say it's one of the worst that they've seen. So, we'll be back with you in a little while.I'm going to, in my remarks, open with a statement about what took place. Thank you all very much.I just want to compliment law enforcement for having done an incredible job. The FBI, the Secret Service -- so many. I mean, they just got together and did a fantastic job. Like finding a needle in a haystack. So I want to congratulate them, as you know. I think everybody wants to congratulate them. But they did a fantastic job.I'm going to North Carolina right now. It's raining, so if you don’t mind, I'll step out of the rain. But I really -- we're very proud of law enforcement.I did not. I did not see my face on the van. I don't know -- I heard he was a person that preferred me over others, but I did not see that.No, not at all. No, I mean -- not at all, no. There's no blame. There's no anything. If you look at what happened to Steve Scalise, that was from a supporter of a different party. If you look at what happened on -- numerous of these incidents, they were supporters of others. No.I'm just really proud of law enforcement. I think they did an incredible job. And I will see you in North Carolina.No, I don’t think so. I think that we're running a great campaign. People love what we're doing. They love what we're saying. The Republicans had tremendous momentum, and then, of course, this happened, where all that you people talked about was that. And rightfully so. It was a big thing. Rightfully so.But now we have to start the momentum again. I think the Republicans have tremendous momentum -- when you think of Judge Kavanaugh, when you think of all the things that have happened. And hopefully we're going to go into a great victory.We have a lot of Senate races where we're leading -- races that, frankly, were going to be uncontested. It looks like we're leading a lot of those races. The House is -- got a lot of people in the House, so we're going to see how that goes. But I think we're doing very well in the House.If they wanted me to. But I think we'll probably pass.Thank you very much.Well, I think I've been toned down, if you want to know the truth. I could really tone it up. Because, as you know, the media has been extremely unfair to me and to the Republican Party.I think the media has been very, very unfair in terms of the Republican Party and the way it's been covered. And they understand that. They write articles about that. Many of them admit that. But the media has been unbelievably unfair to Republicans, conservatives, and certainly to me.But with all of that being said, we're winning. So, I like that.Thank you very much. Thank you.Well, you're going to have to see that. I have reports. And they have a lot of everybody in that group. It's a horrible thing. And it's a lot bigger than 5,000 people. And we got to stop them at the border.And unfortunately, if you look at the countries, they have not done their job. Unfortunately, they have not done their job.Guatemala, Honduras, El Salvador -- they're paid a lot of money. Every year, we give them foreign aid. And they did nothing for us. Nothing. They did nothing for us.So we give them tremendous amounts of money. You know what it is; you cover it all the time: hundreds of millions of dollars. They, like a lot of others, do nothing for our country.I have. I spoke to the Crown Prince. We have people over in Saudi Arabia now. We have top intelligence people in Turkey. And we're going to see what we have. I'll know a lot tomorrow. They'll be coming back either tonight or tomorrow morning. But we have people in Saudi Arabia and people in Turkey.I think that's a long time. You said they want a month?That's a long time. There's no reason for that much. Be faster.We're looking at it. We have a lot of different concepts right now. They have a lot of different things happening with respect to transgender right now. You know that as well as I do. And we're looking at it very seriously.I'm protecting everybody.You know what I'm doing? I'm protecting everybody. I want to protect our country.Oh, I think he has. I think it's going to be. I think they wanted to see that I'm on his side, and I am, 100 percent. We have -- I mean, you people have been reporting -- over 100,000 people. They lined up two days ago, and it's very exciting.Oh, I think Ted will be a big factor tonight. He's going to get up; he's going to make a great speech. I'm going to get up; I'm going to make a great speech. I hope -- are most of you going? You're not going. I can't believe it; you're not going to be there tonight. That's terrible.I think Beto O'Rourke is highly overrated. When I heard about him, I figured he must be something a little special. He's not. I thought he got beaten badly in the debates. I think he's a highly overrated guy.Say it?Oh, I have, yeah. Ted and I get along very well, very late into the campaign. And I said, "Don't worry about it. It's only a question of time." And then it became very nasty, and then it was over. And when it was over, we've gotten along great. No, I like Ted.If you remember, he was the last one that we really had -- I mean, I went very late into the campaign. We actually held a rally together late into the campaign. I said, it will end -- and it did -- and then it got back.No, we've very close. We've done great on tax cuts. We've done great on regulation cuts. No, he's been really terrific.And if you look at what's happening in Germany, with respect to the pipeline, they want to now start buying our natural gas. It just came out. So take a look at that.To me, he's not "Lyin' Ted" anymore. He's "Beautiful Ted."He's Texas -- I call him "Texas Ted." No, Ted Cruz and I had a very, very nasty and tough campaign. It was a very competitive -- it was a very tough campaign. Once it ended and we got together -- and, by the way, very late into the campaign we lasted. People were shocked. I said, "Don't worry, it's only a question of time."And then ultimately, what happened, we fought it out. The outcome was obvious. And we have worked together very closely. I like him a lot. I actually like him a lot. And he's a very smart guy. He loves the people of Texas -- which I do. And, in fact, right now, I guess they said they've never seen it. It's like a big tailgate. It goes on for miles; it's over 100,000 people.I think Nellie Ohr is a disgrace, and I think her husband is not much better. Maybe he's worse. I think Nellie Ohr is a disgrace, taking marital protection so she doesn't have to talk about corruption. I think she's a disgrace.Hey, look, I can't tell you. I can only tell you this: We give them hundreds of millions of dollars. They do nothing for us.You know what? Maybe it will and maybe it won't. But it certainly hasn't affected. They can do a lot better job. If you look at the three countries in particular -- and I don't know what's going on with Mexico. I guess it looks like the people are walking right through the middle of Mexico, so I'm not exactly thrilled there either.You know what, Jon, I'm going to know very shortly, because I have a great group people in Turkey right now and a great group of people in Saudi Arabia. We will know very soon. We have tremendously talented people that do this stuff very well. They're coming back tonight, tomorrow. And I will know very soon. And I am not satisfied with what I've heard.Look, Rand has some ideas. I agree with Rand on a lot of things. I don't want to lose all of that investment that's being made in our country. I don't want to lose a million jobs. I don't want to lose a $110 billion in terms of investment. But it's really $450 billion if you include other than military. So that's very important. But we're going to get to the bottom of it.Yeah.I'm really looking to make America great again. That's what I do. I'm making America great again. We have been giving so much money to so many different countries for so long, and it's not fair and it's not good. And then we ask them to keep their people in their country, they're unable to do it. It's called "Make America Great Again."No, we're going to be passing -- no, no. We're putting in a resolution sometime in the next week, or week and a half, two weeks.We're going to put in -- we're giving a middle-income tax reduction of about 10 percent. We're doing it now for middle-income people. This is not for business; this is for middle. That's on top of the tax decrease that we've already given them.No. No. No. I'm going through Congress.We won't have time to do the vote. We'll do the vote later.We'll do the vote after the election.I think their tremendous spirt, maybe like I've never seen, other than in 16'. You don't remember 16'; you're too young. I have never seen spirit like the spirit that we have right now, except the week before the race -- the presidential race, two years ago.I think the Republicans are going to do very nicely. We're doing very well with the Senate. He was just asking about the race. Other than two years ago -- the presidential race -- I have never seen spirit like I see right now. I think the Republicans are going to do very well.People are tired of high taxes. We gave the tax cuts. We've done so much. And they want a strong military. They want protection. They want safety. They want security. We give that; the Democrats do not give that. The Democrats don't know what they're doing. They don't know what they're giving.I think we're going to do very, very well in the race.Yeah?I don't regret anything, honestly. It all worked out very nicely.You shouldn't have -- take a look. They want to get out of sanctuary cities. Many places in California want to get out of sanctuary cities.Yeah, it is rioting in some cases.Who's an activist? Who?Well, I'm going to have to find out. We're going to find out a lot. We're going to find out. We're going to know a lot over the next two days about the Saudi situation. It's a very sad thing.Any more?You know what you should do, Jon? Go into the middle of the caravan, take your cameras, and search. Okay? Search.No, no. Take your -- Jon, take your camera, go into the middle, and search. You're going to find MS-13, you're going to find Middle Eastern, you're going to find everything. And guess what? We're not allowing them in our country. We want safety. We want safety.Well, I think it's going to happen. I'm not saying [Inaudible]. But I think we're doing really well. I have never seen such spirit, except for maybe '16, [Inaudible] the big election. I have never seen the spirit that we have right now.I think the Republicans are going to do very well. I have never spirit like we have. Now, whether it's Kavanaugh, whether it's tax cuts that we gave, whether it's common sense -- I've never seen it. But I'll tell you -- I'll tell you a big factor is what's happening on the border. What's happening on the border was caused by the Democrats because they won't let anybody change immigration laws that are horrible. The worst anywhere in the world.No, they didn't. No. No, they didn't. Not at all. That's all fiction.We're going to see what happens. And I'm going to know a lot in two days.I'll see you in Texas. See you in Texas.Until people come to their senses, we will build it up. Until people come to their senses. Russia has not adhered to the agreement. This should've been done years ago. Until people come to their senses -- we have more money than anybody else, by far. We'll build it up. Until they come to their senses. When they do, then we'll all be smart and we'll all stop. And we'll -- and by the way, not only stop, we'll reduce, which I would love to do. But right now, they have not adhered to the agreement.It's a threat to whoever you want. And it includes China, and it includes Russia, and it includes anybody else that wants to play that game. You can't do that. You can't play that game on me.Until people get smart. Until they get smart. They have not adhered to the spirit of that agreement, or to the agreement itself -- Russia. China is not included in the agreement. They should be included in the agreement. Until they get smart, there will be nobody that's going to be even close to us.No, I have not. I have not.I don't have to speak to him. I don't have to speak. I'm terminating the agreement because they violated the agreement. I'm terminating the agreement.Thanks everybody. Thank you.[No video] We had a great time in Nevada. It was really terrific. We had a very special couple of hours. I think we're going to have a big success with Dean Heller and with Adam Laxalt. Really a good time. Any questions? Yeah?I'll be speaking to him. Soon, very soon. Could be today, but I will be speaking to him. A lot of progress is being made. We'll have an answer probably Tuesday or so.It may. And I'm gonna work also with the Senate, with the House. We'll be working with Congress because, you know, they're very involved and I wanted to keep them involved, much as I did with Justice Kavanaugh. I wanted to keep them involved. I think it's important.No we don't. Nobody seems to know. Somebody knows. But, nobody of the various investigation groups at this moment know. But we'll find out.It's a concern. We'd like to find out where it is, and what happened, and I think we're -- we're inching our way there.No we haven't. Mike Pompeo has not. Secretary of State. Somebody came out with a false report. I think it was ABC. It was totally false. He has not seen that, has not heard that, and I would tell you if he had. So far we've heard about it, but nobody's seen it.Not that we know of.We have not gotten the transcript either. We've heard all about it. We're hearing about it just like you're hearing about it, probably from the same people. We have not seen it yet.It's possible. You don't know that, but it's possible. We've had a -- a tremendously positive development with Mexico. I just want to say, on behalf of the American public, that we appreciate what Mexico is doing. They've really stepped up, and it will not be forgotten.We just signed our new trade deal with Mexico, with Canada, the USMCA, and now I'm very happy that we signed it. I -- I really appreciate, and they've had some people that were very badly injured, six people at least. And we really appreciate what Mexico has done on the border. We appreciate it.First time this has ever happened, and hopefully it's because they respect the leader of the United States, but they have never done that before, and I will tell you that I appreciate what Mexico has done.No, I'm not satisfied until we find the answer. But it was a big first step. It was a good first step. But I want to get to the answer. With all that being said though, we have $450 billion, 110 billion of which is a military order, but this is equipment and various things ordered from Saudi Arabia, $450 billion. I think it's over a million jobs. That's not helpful for us to cancel an order like that. That hurts us far more than it hurts them.For the military equipment they go to China, they go to Russia, and they don't have great equipment like we do. Nobody does. But they can buy their equipment from other people. So that wouldn't hurt us far more than it would hurt them. But there are other things that can be done including sanctions.So if it doesn't work out, on the border, what I want the Democrats to do -- the beautiful thing of what's happening is the Democrats are watching on television, in this case, probably better than reading it, because you visually see what -- and in one hour I could have an agreement done that would solve all of the things that you're watching, that are so vicious and violent, where soldiers from Mexico are being injured, badly, by these -- by people. And I could solve this in one hour with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer, but they don't want to, but I think now they do, because I think it's a terrible political ploy for Democrats.I would call in the military, and I would seal off the border. I would close up the border. If that happens, and if that continues to move forward, the caravan we're talking about, which is I think a man-made caravan, if you want to know the truth. I think some bad people started that caravan.More importantly, or maybe almost as importantly, you have some very, very bad people in the caravan. You have some very tough criminal elements within the caravan. But I will seal off the border before they come into this country, and I'll bring out our military, not our reserves. I'll bring out our military.Now look, Biden is a man that he -- number one, he can't draw a crowd. He had almost no -- you see what we have. And we have thousands of people that couldn't get into today, many thousands. Now look, I wish Biden the best. You know, I hope he's going to be the nominee.I mean -- one percent Joe. I -- I just hope they pick somebody good, somebody that is going to represent their interests. If it's Biden or Elizabeth Warren, I think she's been very badly damaged by what happened over the last couple of days, or a man that ran Newark, New Jersey into the ground. A lot of people, but I don't see it yet but we'll see what happens. We'll see what happens. Anything else?Ambassador Bolton?I don't hear, you gotta talk louder.Yeah, Russia has violated the agreement. They've been violating it for many years, and I don't know why President Obama didn't negotiate or pull out. And we're not going to let them violate a nuclear agreement, and go out and do weapons and we're not allowed to.We're the ones that have stayed in the agreement, and we've honored the agreement, but Russia has not unfortunately, honored the agreement. So we're going to terminate the agreement. We're going to pull out.Yeah, the INF.No, we'll have somebody great. Nikki's a friend of mine, she's gonna work in the campaign. But she's been doing it for a long time, and we're going to pick somebody very quickly.Say it?Yes.I'm going to pick the best person. I think it would be good. I think she's done an excellent job, great job. And I would -- I would love to see -- and I'll tell you, I'm interviewing three women and two men. We have five people: three women, two men. I think I might prefer that, but we'll see. Okay?In what? With respect to what?We're looking at putting in a very major tax cut for middle-income people. And if we do that it will be sometime just prior, I would say, to November.A major tax cut. We are going to be putting in, and are studying very deeply right down, round the clock, a major tax cut for middle-income people. Not for business at all, for middle income people. Now, the last was for middle income and for business, and our business is now coming back because of it.But we are looking at -- Kevin Brady is working on it. Paul Ryan is working -- we're all working on it, and we're looking at a major tax cut for middle income people who need it.And I would say sometime around the first of November, maybe a little before that.We'll have to develop those weapons, unless Russia comes to us and China comes to us and they all come to us and they say, let's really get smart, and let's none of us develop those weapons. But if Russia is doing it, and if China is doing it, and we're adhering to the agreement, that's unacceptable.So, we have a tremendous amount of money to play with on the military, 700 billion plus, 716 billion. So Russia has not adhered to the agreement. So we are going to terminate the agreement, and we are going to develop the weapons. If they get smart, and if others get smart, and they say let's not develop these horrible nuclear weapons, I would be extremely happy with that.But as long as somebody is violating that agreement, then we're not going to be the only one to adhere to it. I think you understand. Okay? We'll see you on the plane. Thank you. Thank you everybody.Thank you. I'm going to Montana. We're doing a rally for Matt Rosendale, who's a fantastic man. And he's doing very well. And we will be talking some pretty tough things about Senator Tester, who has been a disaster, and a disaster, frankly, for Montana. So we'll see what happens there.The economy is looking fantastic. Some great numbers come out and came out today. And I will see you folks on the plane, okay?It certainly looks that way to me. It's very sad. Certainly looks that way.That, I had not heard about. No. That, I haven't.No. Just that we're waiting for some investigations, and waiting for the results. And we'll have them very soon, and I think we'll be making a statement -- a very strong statement. But we're waiting for the results of about three different investigations, and we should be able to get to the bottom fairly soon. And I'll see you on the plane.Well, it'll have to be very severe. I mean, it's bad, bad stuff. But we'll see what happens. Okay? Thank you. See you on the plane.So I met, number one, as you know, with Pastor Brunson. Some of you were there. And he had a fantastic weekend. He's back home, and we love the fact that he's back home. He's with his family. And he's a very happy man. He left Turkey. He is extremely thrilled. And, as I said, really yesterday more than ever, that we want to thank Turkey. We want to thank President Erdogan.I just spoke with the King of Saudi Arabia, who denies any knowledge of what took place with regard to, as he said, his Saudi Arabian citizen. I've asked -- and he firmly denied that. I've asked Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to immediately get on a plane, to Saudi Arabia, go to other places if necessary, which he probably will.But with regards to this, go to Turkey if necessary. The King told me that Turkey and Saudi Arabia are working hand-in-hand, very closely, on getting to the bottom of what happened. So we'll see what happens. But Mike Pompeo -- excuse me -- Mike Pompeo is leaving literally within an hour or so. He's heading to Saudi Arabia.We are going to leave nothing uncovered. With that being said, the King firmly denied any knowledge of it. He didn't really know. Maybe -- I don't want to get into his mind -- but it sounded to me like maybe these could have been rogue killers. Who knows? We're going to try getting to the bottom of it very soon. But his was a flat denial.What?All I can do is report what he told me. And he told me in a very firm way that they had no knowledge of it. He said it very strongly.Well, that was not part of the deal. We had no deal with Turkey. We don't make deal -- any deals for hostages or prisoners. But I will tell you that I feel much differently about Turkey today than I felt about them two days ago. I have a very good feeling toward Turkey. Two days ago, I did not. So that helped.I don't know. We're going to try to getting to the bottom of it. I can only tell you that his denial to me is -- just one very, you know, relatively fast phone call. Probably lasted 20 minutes. His denial to me could not have been stronger that he had no knowledge. And it sounded like he, and also the Crown Prince, had no knowledge.We didn't talk about that. We didn't talk about that. I did say this is very important. The world is watching. The world is talking. And this is very important to get to the bottom of it. And I think he understands that very well.He did say, very strongly, that he's dealing with Turkey; that they've come to an agreement, that they're investigating it together. And I think that's a good thing.No, I have no -- who cares?Who cares?I didn't say that. You better read it again.Say it? Sorry, you have a helicopter roaring in the background. Go ahead.No, not a theory, but the denial was very, very strong. It wasn't like there was a question and it's [inaudible]. The denial was very, very strong.I hope she's running for President, because I think she'd be very easy. I hope that she is running. I do not think she'd be difficult at all. She'll destroy the country. She'll make our country into Venezuela.With that being said, I don't want to say bad things about her, because I hope she would be one of the people that would get through the process. It's going to be a long process for the Democrats.It's a shame. So Sears, Roebuck, when I was growing up, was the big deal. And it's very sad what happened. Very, very sad. When you look at that whole filing that they did last night, to me it's very sad. Somebody that is of my generation -- Sears, Roebuck was a big deal, so it's very sad to see.And I will say, with that being said, I would imagine some of those great sites that Sears has -- they really have some great sites -- will be put to good use. It will be a lot of jobs. Sears has been dying for many years. It's been obviously improperly run for many years, and it's a shame.I'm not taking anything off the table. No, we're going to try and find out. I'm just explaining --No, no look -- I'm just explaining, very easily, I think, what was told to me a half an hour ago. And the denial was not only a denial, it was a very firm denial. So we will check it all out. We'll get to the bottom of it, okay?No, North Korea is coming along very well. Relationships are very good. I think a lot of good things will happen. It's complicated. You know, we've done things in three or four months that nobody has done in 70 years. But I think North Korea is coming along very well.Thank you. I'll see you in Florida. Thank you.Well, I hope not. We're going to find out what happened. We're looking very hard. We have a lot of very good people on it. So does Turkey, so does Saudi Arabia. We're going to find out what happened. And you will be the first to know.We're looking at everything, Phil, that you can look at when it comes to illegal immigration. We have people that are trying to get into our country because of how well our country is doing. And, you know, in the old days, when the country wasn't doing well, it was a lot easier.Now everybody wants to come in. And they come in illegally and they use children. In many cases, the children aren't theirs. They grab them and they want to come in with the children. So we are. We're looking at a lot of different things having to do with illegal immigration.What should happen is the Democrats should pass good bills. This is the same situation that President Obama found himself in. He had separation, and people didn't talk about. The famous picture from 2014 that they all thought was our picture, that was a picture of young children in jail cells that was during the Obama Administration.So we want to do whatever we can do. We have people trying to come in like never before. Our Border Patrol, ICE, law enforcement is doing an incredible job. But we're going to do whatever we can do to get it slowed down.Well, I will say this: If they feel there will be separation, they don't come. You know, if they feel there's separation, it's a -- it's a terrible situation. We want to go through Congress, but the Democrats don't want to approve anything. They're obstructionists.If they feel there's separation -- in many cases, they don't come. But also, in many cases, you have really bad people coming in and using children. They're not their children. They don't even know the children. They haven't known the children for 20 minutes, and they grab children and they use them to come into our country. You got some really bad people out there.We're doing an incredible job. But the one thing I will say: The country is doing so well economically and every other way that more people want to come in than ever before. So we have to be very strong.I do, but they have to come in legally. I want a lot of people to come in. Frankly, we need people coming in, because I have a lot of companies moving back in. Jobs are coming back in. You take a look at all of the new plants that are being built in the United States.We have a lot of people calling me; they want workers. And we want people to come into our country. That's what people don't understand about me. But they have to come in on a merit basis. And that's what we're working out with Congress.Chain migration is not a good thing. Chain migration is bad. If you take a look at the lottery system, that's bad. What I want is merit. I want a lot of people to come in. We have great car companies entering our country again. This hasn't happened for 35 years. We have companies like Foxconn going to Wisconsin with a massive, massive plant.We need people coming in, but we want them to come in on a merit. We want people that are going to help us. It's very important. We want them to come in on a merit basis.Look, as far as I'm concerned, as to whether or not it's an issue -- for those of you that didn't hear -- immigration is always tricky, but to me it's not tricky. You have to do the right thing whether there's an election or not.I'm very tough at the borders. We've been very tough at the borders. People have to come into our country legally, not illegally. Legally. And I want them to come in on merit.If that's a bad policy, then guess what, a lot of bad things are going to happen. But a lot of people agree with me. I would say a vast majority of our country agrees. They don't want criminals coming into our country. They don't want people that they don't want in the country that aren't going to help us as a country. They don't want these people coming in. So we have a very strong policy.The one thing that really has changed over the last couple of years since I've been President -- our country is doing so well, even with real interest -- not with false interest rates. Zero interest. Anybody can do well with zero interest.But our country is doing -- we're the hottest country in the world, economically, by far. You take a look at us compared to China, compared to everybody else, we're the hottest country in the world. A lot of people are trying to come in. Our border security, our ICE, our law enforcement is doing an incredible job.You have children coming in, and they're coming through Mexico, and they are unaccompanied. They have no parents. They may be back in the country that they came from -- Honduras and a lot of other countries -- or they may not.But you have many people coming up, many young children -- I mean, really young children -- and they're pouring in through Mexico. And we're taking care -- they have no parents. Or their parents aren't in Mexico. In most cases, not in Mexico. They're from other parts of the world.It's really a humanitarian tragedy, and we're taking care of it. But this isn't a case where people are coming up with children -- coming in with children. People are grabbing children and they're using children to come into our country, in many cases.Well, I have to see what happens. I mean, you know, a lot of work is being done right now. I have to see.Now, one of the reasons it was my first pick is, if you remember, it was $110 billion of military that they were going to buy, but they were going to invest $450 billion in our country through the companies. I think you were there. And all of these -- Raytheon, and General Electric, and General Motors -- they were there getting contracts for $25 billion, $30 billion, $40 billion. Nobody has ever seen anything like it. So when you say that was my first country, that was my first country because no other country is going to be investing $450 billion. $110 billion in the military. It's a lot of money.China wants to make a deal. China would love to make a deal. I don't think they're ready yet.I just don't think they're ready yet. They've made too much money for too long. What they've done to our country is take out anywhere from $300 billion to $500 billion a year. Rebuilt China.I have great respect for China and for President Xi in particular. We'll probably make a deal, but I don't think they're ready. They want to make a deal. They are not doing well. If you look at their economy, the Chinese economy is not doing well. And we're doing very well. We're doing better than we've ever done.But I told them a week ago -- they want to come in, they want to make a deal -- I said, you're not ready to make a deal.I haven't named the new White House Counsel. But over a short period of time I will.Who?Pat is a great guy. I don't want to say it, but he's a great guy. He's very talented, and he's a very good man. But I don't want to say yet.Well, I don't talk about that. I just say this -- any everybody knows it: No collusion. There never was. There never will be.From where?I don't understand your question.Well, there are many other things we can do. But when we take away $110 billion of purchases from our country, that hurts our workers, that hurts our factories, that hurts all of our companies. You know, you're talking about 500,000 jobs.So if we do that, we're really hurting our country a lot more than we're hurting Saudi Arabia. They'll go to Russia, they'll go to China. They'll make the order. The equipment is nowhere near as good as our equipment; they know that. Our equipment is the best in the world. But they'll go to China. They'll go to Russia. They'll order equipment. We're just hurting ourselves.So we would do something that doesn't have to do with that, in my opinion. But we don't know. We don't know. Nobody knows, right now, the answer. We're looking for the answer.Well, I have to find out what they did. Right now, Turkey is very deep into it. We're in constant communication. And frankly, other countries are looking at it too, including us. And we'll get to the bottom of it. So we'll have to see.The U.S. is very much involved. We want to find out what happened.We've had people speaking at the highest level. And I didn't want to call until we had enough information. Now I want to call. So probably over the next 24 hours.Who's going to Kentucky? Are you going to Kentucky? You'd have a great time. I hear 93,000 applying for 10,000 seats. There's something going on, Phil. This reminds me of '16. It reminds you of '16 too. Something going on.I'd like to. We'll see. Look, I want the most talented person. But I'd like to. Nikki was terrific. We are looking. We have some -- a lot of people want that job. It's a great job. A lot of people want it. We have some incredible candidates. Probably over the next week or two weeks, at the most.No decision. But really some great, talented people, some of whom you know very well. I'm shocked that they haven't leaked it out yet, but that's okay.I think we have leverage over everybody. We have the strongest now -- we have the strongest military in the world, by far. But we'll never have to use it, because it's so strong that nobody can even compete with us. And we have the strongest country economically since I took over.You know, we've gained $11 trillion in worth. China has lost many trillions of dollars. We've gained $11 trillion in worth. So we're, by far, the strongest military of any country in the world. And economically, we blow everybody away. Thank you all very much.So, we have good news. Pastor Andrew Brunson is in the air, from Turkey. He's, I think, in good shape. He'll be stopping, most likely, in Germany for a full check-up. And he's going to be coming to the Oval Office, most likely on Saturday.But we're very honored to have him back with us. He suffered greatly, but we're very appreciative to a lot of people, a lot of people. So, Pastor Brunson's in the air, heading to Germany, and then coming to the U.S.. He'll be landing, on Saturday, most likely Saturday, in D.C.Well, we spoke to Turkey, and he went through a system, and we got him out. They've been trying to get him out for a long time.Well, this has nothing to do with anything, there was no deal made, at all. But we're very happy to have him, and have him in good shape. I hear he's in very good shape. We'll see you over at the rally.Well, we're going to find out what happened with respect to the terrible situation in Turkey having to do with Saudi Arabia and the reporter, and nobody knows quite yet, nobody's been able to put it all together. People are starting to form ideas, and as they're formed, we'll let you know, but it's certainly a terrible thing.Excuse me?Well, I think a lot of records are overlooked. If you look at Iran, if you look at so many the other countries. If you take a look at Syria, if you take a look at a lot of countries, a lot of countries' records have been overlooked, but this is a very serious thing, and we're looking at it in a very serious manner. Okay, and we'll see you. We'll have a big crowd.I have not. I have not called him.I will be calling. I will be calling at some point King Salman. You know, you're -- you're right in the way of that camera behind you. I'm sure they -- they think you're a very good-looking guy, but maybe not from that good from the back, right? Alright. So go ahead.I'll be speaking to him. Yes, pretty soon.Well, I can't tell you. I will say that they are looking very hard and fast, and not only us. A lot of people are looking to find out, because it -- it is potentially a really, really terrible situation. So we'll see what happens.Yes?No, I don't know if it's any closer than other relationships that people have. We have a lot of very close relationships with a lot of countries. But this is a serious problem. Thank you.Well, I guess a lot of people are going over to an investment conference anyway. And he actually called this morning, and he will make that determination. But he was partially over there anyway. A lot of people are going over to the investment conference. We'll see what happens. Maybe some won't be going. We'll make that determination very soon, okay? We'll see you over at the rally.We have thousands of people lined up, so we wanted to make this stop. [Inaudible] It would be very unfair. You have thousands of people who started coming last night, so we're going to do that and, we got a lot of happy people. In the meantime, we have it very well covered in Florida, from the White House, from here, from what's on the plane, and we'll be back very shortly. But it would have been very very unfair to thousands of people who we'll see over there. How are you?Nice to see you. So I'll see you over at the place. You all going over there?No, I think the Fed is, making a mistake. They are so tight. I think the Fed has gone crazy. So you could say that, well, that's a lot of safety. Well, that is a lot of safety, and it gives you a lot of margin. But I think the Fed has gone crazy. Okay? [Crosstalk]No, I think it's good. Actually, it's a correction that we've been waiting for for a long time. But I really disagree with what the Fed is doing. Okay?Who?Well, she's certainly being considered. She's done a great job. She was with us, as you know, for a long time. Been with me from the beginning. She's certainly excellent, but she's one of four or five [Inaudible]. It'll be good. Nikki did a great job. We have four or five really great candidates. I'll see you all, are you going over?So we're heading out to Iowa, where we have a big statement to make, as you know, on ethanol and for our farmers. Likewise, we're taking care of our refineries and our refiners, and they've done a fantastic job. But we want to get more fuel into the system, and this is a great thing.But they're great for our farmers, and it was a promise that I made during the campaign. And, as you know, I keep my promises. So that's the way it is. So we're heading out to Iowa. I assume some of you are coming. Yes, please.It's certainly a person I would consider. And she is under consideration. We have, actually, many names. And, you know, Nikki has been great. Nikki is going to be working along with us and helping us with the choice. Plus, she's going to help us with 2020.And Nikki is a great friend of mine. We've become real friends over the last period of time. But she's done a fantastic job. And so she'll be involved. And Dina, certainly. And there are others. I've heard a lot of names.I've heard Ivanka. I've heard -- how good would Ivanka be?The people that know -- it's nothing to do with nepotism. But I want tell you: The people that know, know that Ivanka would be dynamite. But, you know, I'd then be accused of nepotism, if you can believe it. Right?Yes.I think Ivanka would be incredible. That doesn't mean I'd -- you know, I'd pick her, because you'd be accused of nepotism, even though I'm not sure there's anybody more competent in the world. But that's okay.But we are looking at numerous people. And it is interesting, the name you just mentioned.We do a lot. You know, this administration does a lot. So, you're right, another administration would -- after like the Kavanaugh victory -- it's really a victory for the people; it's not for me. It's a victory -- they'll have a great Justice for hopefully many years. But a lot of people would celebrate; we go back to business the next day.And, you know, Nikki and I talked about this a year ago. And we ought to -- she really wanted to be here for about two years. We finished our big week last week at the U.N. We had a tremendous success. It was great. And we finished 30 days out.But, you know, Nikki is going to be involved with us for a long time. And she's going to help me also make that final pick. We're going to make a final pick. I want to get somebody really good.I think she's also brought a new level of prestige to that position. That position is -- in terms of people wanting it -- easier now, in a way, than it was before. Nikki has brought, obviously, great competence, but she's brought great prestige to that position.Well, that's a very good question. "How do you keep your base energized now that you have the big Kavanaugh victory?" I would say that just by winning. Got to keep winning. We're doing a lot of winning.We're very happy with the USMCA, which is the -- I don't want to use the word "NAFTA" because it's a terrible word, because it was a horrible deal for this country. But our deal with Mexico and Canada was fantastic. China wants to make a deal so badly. We'll see where it goes. But I don't think they're ready yet, personally.Yeah, probably. I mean, there could be. But, you know, a lot of those were paid protestors. You saw that. They were all unhappy because they haven't been paid yet. I've been calling it. They were paid protestors. That was professional. That was orchestrated, when you look in the halls of Congress, and you see screaming like that. And it's like chimes -- one goes; the next goes. These are paid protestors.I don't know that their energy is great. I can tell you, the energy on the Republican side, I don't think it's ever been greater -- maybe 2016, where, as you remember, the energy was very good.My man.Say hello to your father.A lot of theories on that. It could be three. Under one theory, it could be four. And then some people could say two could happen. So, you know, it could anywhere be from, I would say, one or two, to four additional. So we’ll see.You know what? I hope everyone remains healthy. I’m very happy the way it is right now. And we put a great man, and I think going to be a great Justice on the court. But, you know, it’s a guessing game. You don’t know.What is an honor is that there have been Presidents -- many Presidents that never had a choice. And here I am, not even two years, and we have two. And they’re confirmed and [Inaudible].Yeah, I believe Kanye West is coming to the White House. He’s been a terrific guy. You know, he loves what we’re doing for African American jobs, for so many different things. Median income, as you see, at an all-time high. Poverty level at the best rate -- meaning the lowest rate so far.And Kanye is a smart guy. And he sees that. And also coming with him -- he said, “Do you mind if I bring Jim Brown?” Big Jim Brown. Boy, would he be making a lot of money today, right? He was un -- I call him “Unstoppable Jim Brown.” And he’s been a friend of mine. He’s been really with us. Because he gets it. He really gets it. He sees that African American -- and, by the way, Hispanic and Asian -- have never done better in this country. And he likes it.No. They’re just trying to get me a message. But those messages don't work. They don’t work. But no, I think they treated him with great respect, actually. You know, they had meetings besides just the news conference. And I think they treated him with great respect.He had a great meeting with North Korea. And China, it’s -- it wasn’t so much -- I guess he was giving them a message, and they were giving him a message to come back to me.I don’t know anything. No, I don’t have any updates. No. It’s a sad situation.It was given to me. It was given to me. And I want to look at who drew it. You know, which group drew it. Because I can give you reports that are fabulous, and I can give you reports that aren’t so good. But I will be looking at it. Absolutely.I think it’s fantastic. Hope?She’s the greatest. I love it. I think Hope is -- I’m so proud of her. And I’m very happy. I’m very happy for you, right? Was that announced officially now?I’m very happy for Fox because they have a winner. Hope is a winner. And she has been from the beginning. You know, she was like literally right from first day. That was a small group. And -- no, I’m very proud of Hope. And Fox has themselves somebody who's really great.Well, I want more industry. I want more energy. I want more, because I don’t like $74. It’s up to $74. And if I have to do more, whether it’s through ethanol or through another means, that’s what I want. I want low prices. So I’m okay with it.You know, it's an amazing substance. You look at the Indy cars -- they run 100 percent on ethanol. And you look at other certain forms of very modern energy, it's ethanol-based, and that meant a lot to me.But what it really means is we're helping our farmers and we're also going to be helping our refiners, and you know that too -- because they're both very important. But the farmers have been so terrific, and they produce great product. So I think it's going to be great.And it has no impact -- 12 months. That was a misnomer. There is no negative impact. In fact, there are those that say, you do this and the air is cleaner. I agree with that. But they say, you go 12 months instead of 8 -- you go 12 months, and the air is actually cleaner.Who did?No, I know nothing about it. I know nothing about it. I know Nikki. This is one of the most honest human beings you’ll ever see. So I just -- I haven’t heard about it.Say it?Well, that all depends on who she’s going to be running against. I mean, I could tell you, you have some few really good ones right there, right now. So I don’t see her doing that, no.Well, Lindsey is a terrific guy. I think he wants to stay right where he is. Certainly, I would. But I think he’s really happy. I’ll tell you what: Lindsey really stepped up over the last two or three weeks. I thought it was fantastic. So, Lindsey is a popular guy, and Tim is a popular guy. I think those are two people -- and Nikki doesn’t have that in mind at all.He is somebody that never asked me that question. I think he's very happy where he is. He’s having a good time. And he really stepped it up. He’s doing great.Oh, yeah, a hundred percent.That’s right. But we've -- I didn’t know her. I mean, she supported somebody over me in the primary. It turned out very well for me. She respected it. And after that, we got along, as you would say, very well. She helped me in the election -- you know, once I won the primaries. And we’ve really been friends and we’ve been compatriots. We’ve been -- we’ve done a great job together.You know, the United Nations is at, I think, really a new level of respect. And we work together. We had a tremendous week last week. So, no, Nikki wants to work with us and also to keep it going. She wants to work -- I guess she said today, a few times, she wants to work on the 2020 Election with us.Yeah, I think they were. I think they were. Yeah.Yeah, I’m not going to say who I mean. I’m just telling you, you had forces saying things that were evil. They were bad people. And he is a very, very fine man. And what was said about him should never have been said.I know many. I know fellow Americans that are evil. I know -- are you saying we shouldn’t say that a fellow American is “evil”? I’ve known some fellow Americans that are pretty evil.Well, I like to see low interest rates. The Fed is doing what they think is necessary, but I don’t like what they're doing. Because we have inflation really checked, and we have a lot of good things happening.So, I will say this: We’re normalizing money, and that’s good, but I think we don’t have to go as fast. I want to be able to pay off debt. Also, and very importantly, I think that the numbers that we’re producing are record setting. I don’t want to slow it down even a little bit, especially when you don’t have the problem of inflation. And you don’t see that inflation going back. Now, at some point it will, and you go up. I just don’t think it’s necessary to go as fast.I have not spoken to him about that.No, I like to stay uninvolved with them. I have not spoken. How are you?Well, he's very talented, but no, I haven’t.Only because I know you people. What would you do if I said that, right? What would they do?Jared or -- how do you feel about Ivanka?I think CNN would support her.Well, look, they’re two very competent people.Well, I guess he’s going before Congress. We had a very good talk yesterday. And he’s going before Congress. We’ll see how it all works out. In the meantime, as you know, Senator Richard Burr came out just recently and said there was no collusion. He saw no collusion. This is after what? A year and a half. And Devin Nunes, as you know, a very -- smart people. He came out. There’s no collusion. There is no collusion. So that’s all I care about.We’ll start getting together. We’ll start getting together. Thank you, everybody. Thank you.Well, we have a big night. I think it'll be very interesting. I assume most of you will be there for the official swearing-in of Judge Kavanaugh. And I think it will be something very, very special.I've always been told it's the biggest thing a President can do, and I can understand that. So it will be very special.We just had a very nice talk. We actually get along. And -- a really good talk.Yeah, I'm not doing anything. I'm good. So I'm not -- I don’t want to do anything about that. I think we'll be treated very fairly. Everybody understands there was no collusion. There's no Russia. It was all made up by the Democrats. They're the ones that colluded with Russia. The Democrats colluded with Russia. And, frankly, the previous administration didn’t do anything about Russia when they knew that they should have.Yeah.You got to speak up. Look.I said that I was going -- I'm not making any changes. You'd be the first to know. I'm not making any changes, though.I am concerned about it. I don’t like hearing about it. And hopefully that will sort itself out. Right now, nobody knows anything about it, but there are some pretty bad stories going around. I do not like it.Thank you. I'll see you at 7 o'clock.And what did she say?You know, well, Marsha Blackburn is doing a very good job in Tennessee. She's leading now substantially, which she should. She's a tremendous woman. I'm sure Taylor Swift has nothing -- or doesn’t know anything about her. And let's say that I like Taylor's music about 25 percent less now. Okay? Thank you.Well, we're going to a law enforcement speech and meeting, and he'll be flying. I look forward to being with him. That'll be very nice.Well we're gonna be talking, we'll be talking on the plane. I actually have a good relationship, other than there's been no collusion, folks, no collusion, and -- but I have a very good relationship. We'll see.I don't hear you.No I don't. No.Say it? I thought the way they behaved was absolutely atrocious. I've never seen anything like it, from the leaks of important documents, to the statements they made, to watching a Blumenthal, who was a fraudster when it came to Vietnam, and what he did was horrible. I thought that the way they conducted themselves, the way they dealt -- dealt with a high-level, brilliant, going to be a great justice of the Supreme Court, the way they really tortured him and his family, I thought it was a disgrace. I thought --I thought it was one of the most disgraceful performances I've ever seen.So, I've been hearing that, that now they're thinking about impeaching a brilliant jurist, a man that did nothing wrong, a man that was caught up in a hoax that was set up by the Democrats, using the Democrats' lawyers, and now they want to impeach him. I've heard this from many people, I think it's an insult to the American public, and I think you're going to see a lot of things happen on November 6th that would not have happened before. The --The American public has seen this charade, has seen this dishonesty by the Democrats, and when you mention impeach a Justice of the United States Supreme Court, who was the top scholar, top student, top intellect and who did nothing wrong, and there was no corroboration of any kind, and went through seven FBI investigations, had nothing to do with any of this stuff. I mean, you had the last one, take a look at the last one, the things they said about him. I don't even think he ever heard of the words. It was all made up. It was fabricated, and it's a disgrace, and I think it's going to really show you something come November 6th.I don't hear you, what?I think a lot of Democrats are going to vote Republican, because I have many friends that are Democrats. The main base of the Democrats have shifted so far left that will end up being Venezuela. This country would end up being Venezuela. I think a lot of Democrats are going to be voting Republican on November 6th.Uh huh, very well documented, very well documented. Yes, we've been documenting for many years, very well. All public documents.Say it?I don't know what --I don't understand a word she's --Not at all. Not at all.Look, I'm traveling with Rod. I didn't know Rod before, but I've gotten to know him, and I get along very well with him.So the vote is now in, and our country has a truly great new Supreme Court justice. We're very honored by it. He's -- he's an outstanding man, an outstanding person. What they put him and his family through the Democrats over the last few weeks is horrible.If you look at what he's had to endure, horrible. False statements. Just, it doesn't get any worse. But the beautiful thing is he is now in. He's going to be there for a long time, and he's just an outstanding intellect, outstanding scholar, brilliant lawyer, brilliant at everything he's ever done. So we're very happy. And the vote was a -- it was a great vote, a very historic vote.I just spoke to just -- I just spoke to him two minutes ago. And, I spoke to the justice's family, and he's so excited. So -- we have now Justice Kavanaugh, and he's a terrific man, terrific person.I just congratulated him. I said, "Congratulations, that was well fought." I mean who would have thought a thing like that could have happened what he's been through. Everything was uncorroborated.I want to thank the FBI. I thought the FBI was incredible. They worked hard, and they worked really fast, and I hear the report was -- was really, detailed, thorough, professional report. So I wanted to thank them.I want to thank the Justice Department, because they also -- they were working along with the FBI really hard, really fast, and I think this actually -- the extra week delay was a was a terrific thing for the process.So we have a great new Supreme Court justice, and he's going to be there for many years. We are very, very proud of him, and what he and his family had to endure. And it's a -- it's a great testament, and it's a testament also to our country.I'm going to make a speech. I'll be talking about it a little bit. I know you'll all be there. So thank you very much. Thank you.No not at all. No no. Great talent great man. Thank you.Great. Very good. Very, very good. We're very happy about it. Great decision. I very much appreciate those 50 great votes. And I think he's going to go down as a totally brilliant Supreme Court justice for many years. Many years. He was chosen for the reason of his temperament, his incredible past, his outstanding years on the court.He just had an outstanding record. A brilliant scholar—totally brilliant scholar. Top. And we're very honored that he was able to withstand this horrible, horrible attack by the Democrats. It's a horrible attack that nobody should have to go through.I don't think they are. I don't think they are. I think actually that women... The people -- look, when you look at the biggest fans, the people that spoke to me most vocif -- really in the strongest of terms in his favor were women. Women. Women were outraged at what happened to Brett Kavanaugh, outraged, and I think that's a total misnomer, because the women, I feel, were in many ways stronger than the men in his favor.So you have a lot of women that are extremely happy. A tremendous number of women. Because they're thinking of their sons, they're thinking of their husbands and their brothers, their uncles, and others. And women are, I think, extremely happy."At an example, you look at that small number of people outside... And look at where we're going, and we will have thousands and thousands of people. Going to Kansas, we're going to have thousands of people. Totally sold out arenas –- and you know better than I do, with tens of thousands of people outside trying to get in. And those people are for him. And those people are -- that crowd could fit in the second room.I'm a hundred percent. I'm a hundred percent. I have no doubt. The FBI has done an excellent job. They went through, and they went through it seven times. The FBI went through seven investigations, and they did a very thorough job, excellent job. And you know, the other thing we know about life: if there were any problems it would have happened over the last 25 or 30 years, during his professional life.If any of that -- if there was even a scintilla of something wrong -- he was a very big judge for years, on what they call the second highest court. That would have come out loud and clear.This is -- one of the reasons I chose him, is because there is nobody with a squeaky clean past like Brett Kavanaugh. [Video Ends]He is an outstanding person and I'm very honored to have chosen him and he will be there for many years.I think we're going to do great in the midterms. I think the Republicans are going to do great in the midterms. I think we have a momentum that hasn't been seen in years. When you hear those screamers in Congress today, the screaming that -- you see how orchestrated it is, how phony it is.They practice it together and they do it with the Democrats. This is all the Democrats. It's so bad. It's so bad for our country and people see it... You hear it's all synchronized. It's all phony stuff.When you see their signs, you notice yesterday -- I talked about the signs all week, today they're all different because they said oh, we can't do the same sign made by a manufacturer, paid for by Soros or whoever. So I think Republicans are going to do incredibly well, although history always says that whoever's president it goes a little bit the other way. I think we're going to do really well. We have the greatest economy in the history of our country. We have an economy like no other.Probably the greatest economy we've ever had. That has a lot to do with it. Tax cuts. Regulation cuts. Two Supreme Court justices. Many people on the federal courts. Nobody's done what we have done.He was ready to come if we needed his vote.I think that the Mississippi speech had a great impact, yes. I think it was a very important thing. Hey look, the Washington Post said it on their front page. I can't believe they said it, but they said it.We're really looking forward to the vote. He will be a great justice of the Supreme Court. People have thought that for ten years. They thought -- he's is just an extraordinary person a great, great talent. And I think he's going to make us all very proud. I also feel very strongly that, in the end, it may be the process -- it was really unattractive, but the extra week was something that I think was really good.I thought it was really good. I think a lot, of a lot of very positive things happened in the last week. It didn't look that way, but in the end that's what happened. It was uncorroborated. It was so many different things. He's going in looking very good. But I'll have further comment later. I want to go. I want to watch the vote.I'm heading -- excuse me. I'm heading out to Kansas. Kris Kobach is running for governor. Steve Watkins is running for Congress. We have a big crowd, and I look forward to it. We'll be watching in a little while -- we'll be watching on television the vote, and the votes are very exciting. This is a very exciting time. [Crosstalk]Any any time you have a chance to put a Supreme Court justice in position, and in this case I think he's going to be a great, great Supreme Court justice for many years. It's a very exciting time. So we're going to Kansas. But we'll see you in a little while after the vote.Say it again.I thought that Susan was incredible yesterday. You could see how hard she worked, how hard she was working. She didn't stop. And I know for a fact because, I spoke with her, she didn't stop, and she gave an impassioned, beautiful speech yesterday, and that was from the heart. That was from the heart. I have great respect for Susan Collins, and I always have. Thank you. Thank you.We -- the deal we made with Canada and Mexico has gotten tremendous reviews, as you see. It's been very well received by farmers, and ranchers, and industrialists, and workers generally. And it's been really something. And I think it's also going to be a very good deal for Mexico. And I believe it's going to be a very good deal for Canada.But it's gotten tremendous reviews, and it's going through the process. And even many of the Democrats, including Chuck Schumer, came out and said nice things. So that's very nice to hear that. So it's nice to see a little bit of a bipartisan approach.But the trade deal -- the big trade deal -- the largest deal ever made, so far, in trade -- I expect to top it with China or EU or something. But this is the largest ever made.And, as you know, now we're working on China. We're working on Japan. We're working on EU. But these are great deals for our nations and great deals for our workers. So --Say it.Oh, I think the Democrats are going to like the trade deal. They already do. A lot of them have come out and said very positive things about it.We seem to have great support for the trade bill. It covers just about everybody.I don't even know what you're talking about.I haven't seen it.I'd have to read the story because I don't know what story you're talking about.I don't think you should lie to Congress. And there have been a lot of people over the last year that have lied to Congress. And, to me, that would not be acceptable.Say it.I think that Judge Kavanaugh is doing pretty well -- it seems to me -- over the last 24 hours. A lot is going to depend on what comes back from the FBI, in terms of their additional -- number seven -- investigation.But I think that Judge Kavanaugh is doing very well right now.We spoke, and that's moving along nicely, but I don't want to interrupt what's going on with Judge Kavanaugh. I don't want to do anything to interrupt what's happening with Judge Kavanaugh.And I think the process -- I must say, I think -- hopefully, as Mitch said, they'll have a vote by the end of the week, and it will be a positive vote. But it will be dependent on what comes back from the FBI. The FBI -- the FBI is working. They're working very hard. And let's see what happens.I think he was fighting people that were making very tough charges against him, and I thought he did very well; I really did. I thought he did very well. He's fighting very hard for his reputation, for his family. I thought what happened was really tough. It was tough stuff.I've been watching this stuff for a long time. I've never seen anything like going on with respect to Judge Kavanaugh. This is a high quality person. This is a number-one student -- a top intellect. He's never gone through anything like this. I think he did very well.I think he'll be totally impartial. I think he's a great judge. He's known as a great judge.If there's one disappointment, I don't think that you people covered an aspect that's very important -- very, very important-- and that's what he's done over the last 30 years. You know, you're going back to high school. You're going back to college. What has he done over the last 30 years? He has been spectacular. He has been a tremendous, tremendous success.Well, I heard Lindsey say that, and certainly it's interesting. People love him. I was in Tennessee last night, and I want to say that those people -- we had a sold-out arena with thousands of people outside. Everywhere I go -- I'm going to Pennsylvania -- it's the same thing. They are so in favor of Judge Kavanaugh. You've never seen anything like it.I actually think it's like a rallying cry for the Republicans. They are so in favor of Judge Kavanaugh.So Melania is in Africa. I just saw on television her walking out of the plane -- it was beautiful -- and saying hello to the kids. She is really doing a great job as First Lady.No, no. I want to see what happens with the FBI. They're coming back with the reports. They'll be back --They'll be back very soon. Are you talking about a second time?I mean, this was Lindsey's idea. Lindsey is a friend of mine -- at least for the last six months, as you know. Lindsey is a friend of mine. And -- and he's done, really, a great thing and a great service for our country -- Lindsey Graham.But I -- I have to say that I really think that Judge Kavanaugh is going to be accepted and voted on and positively voted on. But we're going to have to see what the FBI says. They'll come back with a report.Well, it's a tough thing going on. If you can be a -- an exemplary person for 35 years. And then somebody comes and they say you did this or that; and they give three witnesses; and the three witnesses, at this point, do not corroborate what you were saying, that's a very scary situation, where you're guilty until proven innocent.My whole life --My whole life, I've heard you're innocent until proven guilty. But now, you're guilty until proven innocent. That is a very, very difficult standard.Say it.Well, I say that it's a very scary time for young men in America, when you can be guilty of something that you may not be guilty of. This is a very, very -- this is a very difficult time.What's happening here has much more to do than even the appointment of a Supreme Court Justice. It really does. You could be somebody that was perfect your entire life, and somebody could accuse you of something. It doesn't necessarily have to be a woman, as everybody say -- but somebody could accuse you of something, and you're automatically guilty.But in this realm, you are truly guilty until proven innocent. That's one of the very, very bad things that's taking place right now.Say it.There's not a message now, but you might have a message by the end of the week. You may have a message. You're going to see. You're going to see.But he's an outstanding person. He's an outstanding man. And for his sake and for the sake of his family, I hope he does well. I think he's been very -- I think he's been very brutally treated.I've been speaking to people. I've been speaking to people.We're going to talk later. I don't want to do anything to interrupt what's happening -- this process. That's fine, but I don't want to do anything to interrupt the process.Well, I don't drink. I've never had a drink. I don't drink beer. I've never had a beer. And I'm not saying good or bad -- some people like it. I just chose not to do that for a lot of reasons.I think that -- I remember my college days; everybody was drinking. It was, like, normal. I was abnormal. It was totally normal. Everybody was drinking. And they used to drink a lot of beer. And there was nothing wrong -- I just didn't choose to do that. But almost everybody else did.So I don't see anything wrong --No, I never tried anything else.Thank you. Thank you, Peter.Thank you. Thank you very much. Please sit down. It's really great to see everybody on this beautiful, beautiful day in Washington, D.C. Some people say "the swamp," but I will not say that today. [Laughter] I refuse. This is too important, what we're doing. One of the most important deals, and the most important trade deal we've ever made by far.I want to thank Senator Joni Ernst for being here -- Joni, thank you very much -- of Iowa, and I'll be there very soon. [Applause] We'll be doing something very important in Iowa. But this is maybe more important than all of it put together. Right, Joni? So I want to thank you for being here.Congressman Holding, Congressman Roe, Congressman Newhouse, and Congressman Meadows, thank you all for being here. We very much appreciate it. You've been very instrumental. Thank you. [Applause]I am thrilled to speak to the American people to share truly historic news for our nation, and, indeed for the world. I want to thank Vice President Pence for joining us this morning. It is my great honor to announce that we have successfully completed negotiations on a brand new deal to terminate and replace NAFTA and the NAFTA trade agreements with an incredible new US-Mexico-Canada Agreement, called "USMCA." It, sort of, just works: USMCA. [Applause] USMCA. That'll be the name, I guess, that, 99 percent of the time, we'll be hearing: USMCA. It has a good ring to it.I have long contended that NAFTA was perhaps the worst trade deal ever made. Since NAFTA's adoption, the United States racked up trade deficits totaling more than $2 trillion -- and it's a much higher number than that -- with Canada and Mexico. It lost vast amounts of money, and lost 4.1 million manufacturing jobs, and 1 in 4 auto jobs. Lost about 25 percent of our auto jobs -- even more than that.Throughout the campaign, I promised to renegotiate NAFTA, and today we have kept that promise. But, for 25 years, as a civilian, as a businessman, I used to say, "How could anybody have signed a deal like NAFTA?" And I watched New England, and so many other places where I was just -- the factories were leaving, the jobs were leaving, people were being fired, and we can't have that.So we have negotiated this new agreement based on the principle of fairness and reciprocity. To me, it's the most important word in trade because we've been treated so unfairly by so many nations all over the world. And we're changing that.We just signed a much better deal with South Korea. We had a horrible, horrible deal, and we just signed that at United Nations. And that's worked out well. And they're happy; we're happy. It's good for jobs. Good for a lot of things.When that deal was signed, they said 250,000 jobs will be given be -- by signing this transaction, and they were right. I've said it before. They were right: 250,000 jobs to South Korea, not to the United States. So that's changed and very much for the better. And this one is a brand new deal. The agreement will govern nearly $1.2 trillion in trade, which makes it the biggest trade deal in the United States' history.I want to congratulate U.S. Trade Representative Bob Lighthizer who has worked -- nobody understands how hard he's worked. [Applause] No matter when you called him, he was in the office or he was in somebody else's office doing the same thing. Bob Lighthizer is great; I've heard it for years. I said, "If I ever do this, I want to get Lighthizer to represent us," because he felt the way I did.And the entire team at the USTR, standing behind me, and some right here in the audience: I want to thank you all. Fantastic job. [Applause] Peter Navarro, everybody. Thank you all. Thank you. Fantastic group of people. They love our country.I also want to thank you Secretary Mnuchin, Secretary Ross, Secretary Nielsen, Secretary Perdue, Jared Kushner, Peter Navarro, and United States Ambassador to Canada, Kelly Craft. Thank you. Thank you, Kelly. Thank you. [Applause]I also want to thank President Peña Nieto of Mexico, who -- we had a few disagreements, but I really like him a lot. I think he may like me, I'm not sure. [Laughter] But I think he's a terrific person. And he'll be leaving soon, but he's really done a good job and -- a wonderful, wonderful person. And the Mexican President-elect López Obrador, who has given his support to this agreement, and we're developing a really good relationship which I think is very important for our country, frankly, and for Mexico.And so they worked together on this. This was done by both. I said, "Look, I don't want to sign an agreement, and then a new President comes in, they don't like it, and we have difficulty." They worked very much together on it, and I appreciate it from both.I have to, certainly, give my highest regards to Prime Minister of Canada, Justin Trudeau. A lot of stories came out about Justin and I having difficulty together, and we did over the trade deal. But I'll tell you, it's turned out to be a very, very good deal for both; and a very, very good deal for all three. It puts us in a position that we've never been in before.It's very good when you look at the world and what the world is doing and what -- when you look at the unfair trade practices that countries are using against the United States, this is a terrific deal for all of us.Once approved by Congress, this new deal will be the most modern, up-to-date, and balanced trade agreement in the history of our country, with the most advanced protections for workers ever developed.If you look at the reviews, people that would normally not, under any circumstances, say good things -- because automatically they have to say bad. Even some Democrats say, "That's amazing." We had some -- they haven't been given the soundbites yet, I guess, Mike. But actually, you had some Democrats say, "This is really amazing if he really got all of that." But by tomorrow, I would suspect they'll change their tune. But that's okay, because people know how good it is. It's an amazing deal for a lot of people.Likewise, it will be the most advanced trade deal in the world with ambitious provisions on the digital economy; patents -- very important; financial services; and other areas where the United States has a strong competitive advantage. Mexico and Canada have agreed to strong new labor protections, environmental protections, and new protections for intellectual property. So important.This new deal is an especially great victory for our farmers. Our farmers have gone through a lot over the last 15 years. They've been taken advantage of by everybody. Prices have gone way down. And we're working on some other deals that are going to make them very happy also.But this is a very, very big deal for our farmers. Mexico and Canada will be opened up a lot more than they are now. And I think there will be a better spirit between the three countries, which is important for our farmers. The agreement will give our farmers and ranchers far greater access to sell American-grown produce in Mexico and in Canada.The deal includes a substantial increase in our farmers' opportunities to export American wheat, poultry, eggs, and dairy -- including milk, butter, cheese, yogurt, and ice cream, to name a few. I want to be very specific. [Applause] I want to be very specific, right. Right?And many other products -- but those products were not really being treated fairly, as far as those that work so hard to produce them. And now they're going to be treated fairly.These measures will support many hundreds of thousands of American jobs. This is also a historic win for American manufacturers and American autoworkers who have been treated so badly. We've lost so many jobs, over the years, under NAFTA.Under the current new deal -- and if you look at the current NAFTA deal, the new deal is taking care of all of these problems because NAFTA -- foreign companies have been allowed to manufacture many of their parts overseas, ship them to Mexico and Canada for assembly, and send their foreign-made cars into the United States with no tax.So we let all our people go. We fire everybody. They make cars. They make products. They make everything in another country. They send them into the United States -- no tax. And the cost is very little difference. Sometimes it's more -- for those people that like to talk about cost. With this agreement, we are closing all of these terrible loopholes. They're closed. They're gone. They were a disaster.For example, we are requiring a large portion of every car to be made by high-wage workers, which will greatly reduce foreign outsourcing -- which was a tremendous problem; and means more auto parts and automobiles will be manufactured inside the United States. We will be manufacturing many more cars, and our companies won't be leaving the United States, firing their workers and building their cars elsewhere. There's no longer that incentive.Before, under the NAFTA deal, they had that incentive. They have the opposite incentive. Now, we're not going to be losing our companies. That was, to me, the most important thing. I don't want to see our companies leave and fire our workers, and our workers never get jobs to replace those jobs. Those days are over.This deal will also impose new standards requiring at least 75 percent of every automobile to be made in North America in order to qualify for the privilege of free access to our markets. And that's what it is, it's a privilege. We don't take it as a privilege. We don't take it as a privilege. It's a privilege for them to do business with us.And I'm not talking about Mexico, Canada -- I'm talking about everybody. Everybody. It's a privilege for China to do business with us. It's a privilege for the European Union, who has treated us very badly -- but that's coming along -- to do business with us. Japan, every country -- it's a privilege for them to come in and attack the piggy bank.In this, we will have a result of much more happening right here in the United States. It means, more than anything else, far more American jobs. And these are high-quality jobs. There are also strong provisions to enforce what's called the "rules of origin requirements." This will incentivize billions of dollars in new purchases of U.S.-made automobiles.Once approved, this will be a new dawn for the American auto industry and for the American autoworker. They will see. They understand. They voted for us in large numbers, even though their leadership always goes Democrat. A couple of them said to me, "I don't know how I can do it again." Many of them, the leaders would back Democrats, and would tell me, "You're going to get most of the votes from union workers." And we got most of the votes from workers, period.But the American autoworker was very much behind what we were doing. As one primary aspect, it will transform North America back into a manufacturing powerhouse. If you remember, the previous administration said, "We're not going to have manufacturing jobs anymore," essentially. We're not going to have -- we're not going to make things anymore? No, just the opposite. We're going to be a manufacturing powerhouse, and allow us to reclaim a supply chain that has been offshored to the world because of unfair trade issues.We also provide brand new intellectual property protections for biologic drugs, which will make North America a haven for medical innovation and development. We want our drugs to be made here. When you talk prescription drugs, we don't like getting them from foreign countries. We don't know what's happening with those drugs, how they're being made. Too important.This landmark agreement will send cash and jobs pouring into the United States and into North America -- good for Canada, good for Mexico. Instead of jobs leaving for overseas, they will be returning back home. And we've already had it. We have many, many car companies -- I was with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. He said, "We have sent many car companies to the United States over the last year and a half." It's true -- and big expansions.And, very importantly, he said, "Many more are coming." Because they have an incentive, now, to be here. People want to be back in the United States again. As I say, "The United States is respected again." But it's also respected as to trade and industry.This is a truly extraordinary agreement for the United States, Canada, and Mexico. President Peña Nieto -- it's so important that the President and I have developed this sort of a bond -- a bond on trade. Peña Nieto, a man that has done a very good job for Mexico, in terms of trade; and Prime Minister Trudeau, who I just spoke to -- just spoke to both of them a little while ago -- they love their countries. They want to do right for their countries, and that's what they've done.And we've really formed -- if you look at this agreement, we formed a great partnership with Mexico and with Canada. And I plan to sign the agreement by the end of November. I then will submit it for approval to Congress where, in theory, there should be no trouble, but anything you submit to Congress is trouble. No matter what. If it's the single greatest agreement ever signed, they'll say, "Well, you know, Trump likes it, therefore we're not going to approve it because that would be good for the Republicans. So therefore we can't approve it." But it will be sent to Congress pursuant to the Trade Promotion Authority Act.This agreement follows on the heels of our successful completion of a new and balanced trade deal with South Korea -- a tremendous difference in that deal from what it was; it was a disaster, as I said -- to improve the old deal that had killed so many jobs.It also follows on our announcement last week of a new trade negotiation with Japan. Japan would never negotiate with the United States. They would say, "We're not going to negotiate." They told the previous administration, "We're not going to negotiate." I said, "You don't have to negotiate, but we're going to put a very, very substantial tax on your cars if you don't."By the way, without tariffs, we wouldn't be talking about a deal, just for those babies out there that keep talking about tariffs. That includes Congress -- "Oh, please don't charge tariffs." Without tariffs, you wouldn't be -- we wouldn't be standing here. I can tell you, Bob and all of these folks would not be standing here right now.And we're totally prepared to do that if they don't negotiate. But Japan is wanting to negotiate. Actually, they called about three weeks ago. And he's a terrific man. A terrific -- just had a tremendous victory. And they said, "We'd like to start negotiations immediately."India, which is the tariff king -- they called us, and they say, "We want to start negotiations immediately." When Bob Lighthizer said, "What happened? He would never do this." They said, "No, we want to keep your President happy." Isn't that nice? Isn't that nice? It's true. They have to keep us happy because they understand that we're wise to what's been happening.India charges tariffs of 100 percent. And then, if we want to put a tariff of 25 percent on, people will call from Congress: "But that's not free trade." And I'd look back to people; I'd say, "Where do these people come from? Where do they come from?"So because of the power of tariffs and the power that we have with tariffs, we, in many cases, won't even have to use them. That's how powerful they are, and how good they are. But, in many cases, we're not going to have to use them. And, in many cases, countries that are charging massive tariffs are eliminating those tariffs.As you know, we have $250 billion at 25 percent interest with China right now, and we could go $267 billion more. And China wants to talk very badly. And I said, "Frankly, it's too early to talk." Can't talk now, because they're not ready. Because they've been ripping us for so many years. It doesn't happen that quickly. And if, politically, people force it too quickly, you're not going to make the right deal for our workers and for our country.But China wants to talk, and we want to talk to them. And we want them to help us with North Korea. We want them to continue to help us with North Korea. That's very important.The European Union -- it's been very tough on the United States. Last year and for many years, they've lost in the vicinity of $150 billion a year. They have massive trade barriers. And they didn't want to come; they didn't want to talk.Jean-Claude -- great businessperson, head of the European Union -- Jean-Claude, my friend -- I'd say, "Jean-Claude, we want to make a deal." He goes, "No, no, no. We are very happy." I said, "You may be happy, but I'm not happy." Because we have one of the worst deals of any group. We have one of the worst deals with the European Union. And they just didn't want to come because they were happy with the deal.I said, "But we're not happy with the deal." And finally, after, you know, going through a whole process, I said, "Look, we're just going to put a tax of 20 percent on all of the millions of Mercedes and BMWs. All of the cars." There are millions and millions of cars that they sell here that they won't take over there.Farm product that they won't take over there because they have barriers. You can't sell; you're not allowed to. Our farmers aren't allowed to sell over there -- many of their products, much of their products, most of them.And so I announced that we're going to put a 20 percent tariff -- could be 25 -- on their cars coming in. And they immediately called, and said, "We'd like to start negotiations." And we're having a successful negotiation. We'll see what happens. Who knows? I always say, "Who knows?" But we'll see. I have a feeling we'll be successful.A pillar of national security is economic security and trade. National security is not where we lose hundreds of billions of dollars a year. Over the last five years, we've averaged $800 billion-a-year loss on trade. How dumb is that? Eight hundred billion dollars. This group doesn't know about those numbers. I don't even want them to hear those numbers.But the United States, in its trade deals, has lost, on average, almost $800 billion a year. That's dealing with China, dealing with European Union, [inaudible] -- with everybody. Japan, Mexico, Canada -- everybody. And we're not going to allow that to happen.But we have to have a strong manufacturing base and manufacturing sector. We need a thriving economy. Those are all, really, essential ingredients to national security. We can't allow what's been happening over the last 25 years to happen.We're building our military like never before. It will be the strongest it ever was. And all of those jets that are made, and rockets, and missiles, and ships -- they're all being made in the United States. Jobs.Our economy is booming like never before. Jobless claims are at a 50-year low. The stock market is at an all-time high. Think of that -- over 50 percent since my election. Fifty percent. People -- the 401 [k)s -- and they have 401(k]s, and they were dying with them for years. Now they're so happy.I was telling the story I often tell of a policeman in New York. Came up -- his wife was always very upset with him as an investor because he wasn't doing well with the 401(k)s. Now she thinks he's a genius because the numbers are so crazy. But we're up over 50 percent since the election.And you've heard me say this many times, but African American unemployment, Asian unemployment, Hispanic unemployment is at record lows in history -- not, you know, for the last two years -- the history of our country. African American, Asian, Hispanic, young people without high school diplomas -- all at historic -- that's a very important sector -- all at historic lows. The lowest in history. It's really something that's great.This is helping so much with people that get out of prison. We have a tremendous problem: People come out of prison, they can't get a job. Employers don't want to hire them. The economy is so good, they're hiring them, and they're turning out to be incredible workers. They're given a chance. They're really given a second -- given a third chance, in some cases. But I've had numerous employers come up and say, "I'll tell you what, I've taken people that were in prison, and we've hired them."He wouldn't have done this in a normal economy or a bad economy -- only in this kind of an economy. And now, he's like the biggest fan -- one man in particular. He's taken numerous people. He said most of them have been unbelievable. All you can ask is "most." But most of them have been unbelievable. That's a great thing. That's a really great thing. It gives them a chance.So before we take questions, I want to extend our warmest condolences to the country of Indonesia. A friend of mine -- we're going to be calling up the leader, who is a great leader indeed. But they got hit by a giant tsunami, like people have not seen. This part of the world hasn't seen it so much, fortunately. They say that's the worst of all. You look at the tornados, the hurricanes. You look at all of the different natural disasters.A friend of mine who studies natural disasters -- I don't know why he does that, but he does -- he says that tsunami is the worst of all. And they got hit very hard, and probably thousands of people killed. We have already sent a lot of first responders and military and others to help, but it's a really bad, bad situation.And finally, before closing, I want to send our thoughts and prayers to the victims of the Las Vegas shooting. That was a horrible, horrible time in the life of our country. It took place exactly one year ago today. All of America is grieving for the lives lost and for the families they left behind. So to all of those families, and to the people of Las Vegas: We love you. We are with you. We're working with you very hard. That was a terrible, terrible event.So thank you very much for that. I want to ask Bob Lighthizer, who is just a terrific individual as well as a man that knows a lot about this subject, to come up and say a word about the USMCA -- the new agreement. And if you have any questions, we'll take some questions after that. Please, Bob. [Applause]Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. [Applause] Thank you very much, Bob. Thank you very much. Some questions. Yes, Steve. Question.Yes.I don't think it did. He's a professional; I'm a professional. We had very strong tensions. It was just an unfair deal, whether it was Mexico or Canada. And now it's a fair deal for everybody. It's a much different deal. It's a brand new deal. It's not NAFTA redone; it's a brand new deal.I just spoke with him. We have a great relationship, and we're going to work as a partner. Don't forget, the rest of the world is looking to take advantage of us, and -- as a region, you might say. And we're going to work very closely together with Canada and with Mexico because we'll be able to compete with anybody. We have things that nobody else has. We have energy that nobody else has. We have timber that nobody else has. We have things that no other part of the world has, to the extent that we have.So we're going to do very well together. I think we have -- there was a lot of tension, I will say, between he and I -- I think, more specifically. And it's all worked out. You know when it ended? About 12 o'clock last night.But he's a good man. He's a done a good job. And he loves the people of Canada.Well, we'll see what happens with China. We have lost $375 billion in trade deficits. They have a surplus of $375 billion -- with a "b" -- with the United States. And it's been that way for years, and years, and years. I always say, "We rebuilt China." They took that money, and they built fighter jets, and they built bridges. They built more bridges than we built in the last 100 years, probably -- big ones. Like the George Washington Bridge -- like big bridges. And I'm not going to take, you know --Look, I don't blame China; I blame our leadership. They should have never let that happen. And I told that to President Xi. I said, "You know…" -- I was making a speech in China, and I was really hitting China hard. And I'm in China. I don't know if that's a good thing to do. But I looked at him, and I said, "But, you know, I don't really blame you. I blame our leadership for allowing this to happen." He knew exactly what I meant.We had no deal with China. I asked one of the top people in China -- a representative at the highest level came to the Oval Office. I said, "Let me ask you, how did this ever happen?" He's a pro, so he understands. He doesn't have to be cute. He said, "Nobody ever did anything from the United States. When we put on a 25 percent tariff on every car that comes from the United States into China, we thought we would be rebuked. We thought it would be terrible. Nobody ever called. Nobody did anything." That was years ago. And we charged them nothing -- 2.5 [percent], but we don't collect it. We do now, by the way. But we don't collect the 2.5 [percent].So they charge 25 [percent], we charge essentially nothing. But I said, "How did it happen?" He said, "Nobody ever called." We don't have a deal with China. There is no deal. They do whatever they want.So we have a tremendous problem with theft of intellectual property with China. We have a lot of other problems with China. We have primarily trade problems. And, as you know, they're having a much more difficult time now. I don't want them to have a difficult time. And we're doing better than we've ever done. Everybody talked about the tariffs. "Oh, the tariffs, tariffs…" You know, tariffs ended in 1913, and they then went to a different system in 1918 -- totally unrelated. And then in 1928, you had the Great Depression for a lot of different reasons -- not necessarily our country's fault, but a little bit our country's fault.And then, in the 1930s, they said, "We better start charging some tariffs. We need money to come into our country again." Okay? So I'm not advocating tariffs. I will tell you this: Our steel industry, Wilbur, is stronger than it's been in 25 years. This has taken six months because I charged for the dumpers. They were dumping steel and dumping aluminum into our country. I charged 25 percent; that's a lot. Could be more, but that's a lot.And if you look at U.S. Steel and Nucor -- Nucor just announced a billion-dollar plant -- brand new. Already started construction. U.S. Steel is building eight or nine plants. They're expanding plants. I don't think there's any industry like what's happened to steel in the last nine months, ten months since I really started doing what I'm doing. It's been really pretty amazing. Aluminum, also.So -- and we need steel. We need steel for defense. What are we going to do? Go and say, "Oh, we'll get our steel from an -- like another country?" We can't do that. Excuse me. We can't do that. So we need steel and we need it badly for defense. So I'm very proud of what's happened with the steel industry.Okay, question. Yeah. Go ahead. Sure. She's shocked that I picked her. She's like in a state of shock.That's okay. I know you're not thinking. You never do.No, go ahead. Go ahead.What does that have to do with trade? I don't mind answering the question. But, you know, I'd like to do the trade questions first.No, but -- I know. But how about talking about trade, and then we'll get to that? We'll do that a little bit later.Anybody have a trade -- go ahead, please.I think so. But, you know, if it doesn't, we have lots of other alternatives. But I do think so. I think, if they're fair -- which is a big question -- but if it's fair on both sides -- the Republicans love it. Industry loves it. Our country loves it. If it's fair, it will pass. I think it will pass easily, really easily -- because it's a great deal. I mean, NAFTA passed. It's one of the worst deals I've ever seen -- inconceivable that it was made.Fair question. Any other questions on trade?I'll get back to you on the other question.Let's do that later, and we'll -- but I'll call you a second time. Go ahead, please. Thank you very much.Well, India charges us tremendous tariffs when we send Harley-Davidsons motorcycles, other things to India. They charge very, very high tariffs. And I've spoken to Prime Minister Modi, and he's going to reduce them very substantially. Nobody ever spoke to these people. He said, "Nobody ever spoke to me."In other words, we've had leaders here -- I'm not, you know, trying to be overly dramatic. We've had Presidents of the United States and trade representative that -- they never spoke to India. Brazil is another one. That's a beauty. They charge us whatever they want.If you ask some of the companies, they say Brazil is among the toughest in the world, maybe the toughest in the world. We don't call them and say, "Hey, you're treating our companies unfairly. You're treating our country unfairly."So India is a very, very high -- they really charged tremendously high tariffs. On motorcycles, it was a 100 percent. So you send a motorcycle into India -- there's a 100 percent tariff. Now, that's so high that it's like a barrier. In other words, who's going to buy it? It cost you so much. Now they've already reduced that substantially, but it's still too high.My relationship with India is great, with Prime Minister Modi is great. And they're going to start doing a lot. They've already -- they've called us to make a deal. We didn't even call them. They called us to make a deal, which is, like, shocking to people. Yes, sir. Go ahead.Yes.Let's go.No. No.First, do a trade.No. No. It means -- it means --No. No. The steel is staying where it is -- and aluminum. But it means we probably, for the most part, won't be having to use tariffs unless we're unable to make a deal with a country.For instance, if we can't make a deal with the European Union, we will respectfully put tariffs on the cars. The United States will take in billions and billions of dollars into its coffers. Isn't that nice? Because you don't hear that.Because it doesn't take in -- okay. Yeah, Sagan.But it will take in billions and billions of dollars. But really, what's going to happen is, they'll make the cars in the United States. This way, they don't have to pay the 25 or the 20 percent tax.So I don't think you're going to have to use the tariffs too often. But there will be cases where you have countries that are just absolutely not willing to do what's fair and reciprocal. And, in that case, they'll pay tariffs. And, you know, what? The United States will do very well. Either way, we do very well.I don't know.I can't tell you. All I know is we made a deal. The highly respected Presidents and, in the case of Canada, the Prime Minister are satisfied with the deal. It's good for Canada, good for Mexico -- it's good for all three.This is a deal. I'm not -- this is good for all three. That's good. And just that fact, makes it good for us. But this is good for all three. But this is a much different deal than NAFTA. And this is much more of a reciprocal deal for the United States, which is really good. Yeah. Go ahead, Peter.No. Why -- why don't you just -- we'll do the Kavanagh questions. I mean, you talk about being treated harshly. We'll do that in a couple of -- let's finish up trade because you have a lot of people that want to run over to the Wall Street Journal and start writing. Go ahead. Please.I can't hear you.A Mexican journalist? Go ahead.Sure.Until such time as we can do something that would be different -- like quotas, perhaps -- so that our industry is protected. We are not going to allow our steel industry to disappear. It was almost gone.I'll tell you what: If our country kept going the way it was going, within two years, you wouldn't have had a steel industry. We have to have a steel industry. We have to have an aluminum. You know, there are certain industries that are important.So we are working on that now. That wasn't part of this, but we will do something. And, in fact, Bob, if you want, you may want to say a couple of words about that because we were, literally, about that one hour ago.And, really, take care of the needs our steel companies. I don't want plants closing. They're hiring thousands of workers all over the country. I'm not giving that up.Yeah. Yeah.Oh, yeah. We have a very good understanding. Yeah. Really good.Yes, sir. Go ahead. Please.Yes. Dairy was a deal breaker. And now for our farmers, it's, as you know, substantially opened up much more.And I know they can't open it completely. They have farmers also. You know, they can't be overrun. And I fully -- and I tell them that. I say, "Look, I understand you have limits." But they could do much better. And we've opened it up to our farmers.So the folks up in Wisconsin -- I'll tell you what, I went to Wisconsin. I went to Iowa. Joni knows better than anybody. Right? And Scott Walker, who I think is a fantastic governor, talks about it all the time -- that our farmers were not treated properly by Canada. Now they're going to be treated with respect. They're going to be treated fairly -- or, as I say, in that reciprocal way. Going to -- very important. Yes, sir. Go ahead.It's true.Well, I think my biggest concession would be making the deal because we are the one that people come and want to take from. I'm talking about every country. And that gives us a tremendous advantage in negotiating that we never used before with past administrations.We never used it. Every deal we have is a loser. Every deal. You could look at almost every country in the world -- almost every country. We have trade deficits. We lose with everybody.So I think my biggest concession was making the deal because we could have done it a different way. But it would have been nasty and it wouldn't have been nice. And I don't want to have that. We have a great relationship with Canada. I think now it'll be better than ever.All -- the only problem with Justin is he loves his people and he's, you know, fighting hard for his people. I think we -- you know, we've always had actually a very good relationship. It get a little -- got a little bit testy in the last couple of months, but that was over this agreement. And I understand that. But no, I think -- I think Justin's a good person who is doing a good job. He felt very committed to his people and that's what he did.And again, this is good for everybody. This is good for Canada, good for Mexico also. Yes. Yes, please. Please. Go ahead.Right.Right.Right.Not at all confident. I'm not. I don't know. Hey, Congress ---- you tell me, are you guys going to sign it? Tell me. I think -- I think they will.Could happen. Could be.So they're willing to throw -- yeah, they might be willing to throw one of the great deals for people and the workers -- they may be willing to do that for political persons -- you know, people or political purposes. Because, frankly, you know, they'll have 2020 in mind.So far, I dream about 2020 when I look at what's going -- they have 2020 in mind. They want to -- they want to do as well as they can. And so, trying to reject even great deals -- like this is a great deal for our country, great for other countries. But it's a great deal for our country and great for our worker.I can tell you whether or not they will obstruct, whether or not they will resist. I mean, their whole campaign is, "resist." I see their signs all over: "Resist." They don't even know what they're resisting. If you ask them, "What are you resisting?" "Well, let me think about that." They can't ask. They had somebody on this weekend. They said, "What are you resisting?" And they were unable to answer the question.So, you know, I can't tell you about delay, obstruct, resist, because, you know, right after this election -- and I think we're going to do well, although history is not on our side. I guess, in history, generally, whoever has the White House doesn't do well in midterms. But the one difference is we have the greatest economy in the history of our country. I think that's a big difference.And that's one of our problems, too. Because people that went out and voted for me -- and they would be voting for me if I was on the ticket, but I'm not on the ticket. But Congress is on the ticket, and I try and tell my people, "That's the same thing as me, in a sense. That's the same thing. Think of it as the same thing as me."But I think we're going to do well. I actually think -- I mean, we have senate races that weren't even in play six months ago. When I started looking at it closely -- I won't mentioned names, but there were senators that were not in play. They were not even -- and you know exactly what I'm talking about -- numerous of them. They were not in play. In other words, let's not go here, let's not go to this state -- four or five states. Now it's they're like even races.In one case, they're up two points. Now who knows what that means. And, you know, as you know, they're a lot of them are repression polls, or polls that aren't very accurate. Because I see polls that I know are false -- having to do with certain of the races.But we had areas and we had congressional seats, too, where I know it's going to be a positive outcome, but you look at what's going on and it doesn't seem to be broadcast that way.But I certainly had that with my election. They were telling me I was, you know, in trouble in certain states that I ended up winning in a grand -- in like a landslide. And I knew I was going to win them in a landslide, but they wouldn't report it that way. You know why? Fake news. Okay. Right behind you.Yes, right behind you, please.Well, it shouldn't be. Look, it's a good agreement.These people -- you know, when I first did it, they said, "Oh, why don't you just extend NAFTA?" They have no idea about business. "Just extend NAFTA." That would have been a disaster. We're losing $100 billion a year in deficits, at least -- at least -- to Mexico, under NAFTA.But just look at the results -- and a substantial amount to Canada, although a lot of people try and say it's pretty much even. It's not even. We lose a substantial amount.So I think it's a very hard thing to defend. But that's all right. Look, I understand the world of politics, I think, as well as anybody. I haven't been doing it that long, but I actually have been because I've been doing it on the other side, and I do understand.And, you know, they can take the greatest thing ever done and try to make it sound as bad as possible. But this one's tough. This one -- people are coming out for this one and saying, "That's incredible what we've been able to do." Yes, behind you. Please.Yeah, don't -- don't do that.Do you have -- do you have --Excuse me. Do you have a question on trade?We'll do one or two more questions on trade.Okay, don't do that. That's not nice.And besides that, somebody is before you. Excuse me. Don't do that. Do you have a question on trade?Do you have a question on trade?Okay. Please. Yes.Okay, give me your question please.Give me a question please.Give her the mic please.Yes.Yes.Yes. Yes, the wall. We're getting $1.6 billion for the wall this year. We got $1.6 [billion] -- $1.6 [billion]. We have about $3.2 billion in the wall. We're doing a lot of work. People don't' realize -- I don't really want to talk about it because I can build it quickly at one time, which is what I want.But we've been building it over the last year and a half with $3.2 billion -- $1.6 [billion] -- $1.6 [billion]. And we now have another $1.6 [billion]. And I've got a big decision to make after the election as to whether or not we go for it.Because you know what? Border security, to the people of our country -- very important. The wall is a big factor in border security. And I really believe that the people of our country, they want the wall and they want border security. They don't want open borders like the Democrats want to have. They don't want crime pouring into our country. They don't want MS-13 pouring into our country. They don't want that.And I really think I have a very big decision to make sometime right after the election, very quickly. Because you know what comes due after the election.Do I want to do it before the election? Personally, yes. But I don't want to do that for a different reason, because I have some very fine people that are running in close races and it may affect them and it may not. It may be good for them. I happen to think it would be good for them.But border security for our country -- our people want security. The women of our country, they want security. They don't want to have thousands of people pouring across the border.And I'll tell you what, they want to have ICE. Because ICE walks into MS-13 and these gangs, they treat them like it's just another day in the office. They're rough and they're tough, and they love our country.And I'm treating ICE good. And I'm treating our law enforcement good. And the Democrats don't want to take care of our law enforcement. And the Democrats don't want to take care of our military.So we are going to have a decision to make sometime right after -- very close to -- after the election is over. And that will be on border security -- and the wall -- but border security. The wall is a big factor. Okay. Do you want to do some questions?Yes, it was. Yeah, we talked about it. With Mexico, we talked about it. It was a big part. And certain things and certain understandings are had.At the same time, we don't want to mix it up too much. This is a very big deal and very good deal for everybody. But border security and security generally is a very big factor.We also have drugs. Sometimes -- and some people would say it's a very similar thing. But we talked about drugs with Mexico. That's a very, very big factor -- very, very big. We have a lot of good understandings, and we'll be discussing that with them.Okay. But it was a factor -- absolutely -- in the deal. Okay. Let's go. Come on. You want to -- I guess, get off trade. I don't know.People are falling asleep with trade. I think it's the -- to me, it's the most exciting thing you can talk about. Right, Joni? Right. [Applause] All right. Let's go. Come on.Well, no I didn't say anything on Friday. What I said is, let the Senate decide. Whatever they want to do is okay with me. And also, the FBI. I think the FBI should do what they have to do to get to the answer.At the same time, just so we all understand, this is our seventh investigation of a man who has really -- you know, you look at his life, until this happened -- what a change he's gone through, what his family has gone through. The trauma for a man that's never had any accusation -- any. He's never had a bad statement about him.He's lead -- I mean, I think he was number one in his class at Yale. He was number one in his law school at Yale. And then -- what he's gone through over the last three weeks is incredible.So I want the FBI -- this is now their seventh investigation. So it's not like they're, you know, just starting. I want them to do a very comprehensive investigation. Whatever that means, according to the senators, and the Republicans, and the Republican majority -- I want them to do that. I want it to be comprehensive. I actually think it's a good thing for Judge Kavanaugh. I think it's actually a good thing. Not a bad thing. I think it's a good thing.Now, with that being said, I'd like it to go quickly. And the reason I'd like it to go quickly -- very simple -- it's so simple -- because it's unfair to him at this point.What his wife is going through, what his beautiful children are going through is not describable. It's not describable. It's not fair. I think it's fair to do it to me because, you know, I've been going from day one -- from long before I got to office, you've been doing it. It's almost became -- I think for me, it's like a part of my job description, to handle this crap. [Laughter]But as far as -- as far as Judge -- this is a man that -- this is not from his world. And you know what? If they're not going to want him -- and I think that would be shame. I'm with him all the way. I mean, a charge made or said to have occurred 36 years ago and nothing happened since then. And look, I feel badly for all parties. I feel badly for everybody. I feel badly for our country. This is so bad for our country.But I will tell you, I watched those senators on the Democrat side, and I thought it was a disgrace -- and partially because I know them.I know them too well. And you know what? They are not angels.No, my White House is doing whatever the senators want.No. No. You don't understand.You don't understand what I'm saying. You do understand; you just don't want to report it that way. Just so you understand, my White House will do whatever the senators want. I'm open to whatever they want. The one thing I want is speed.Now, they started, I believe, on Friday -- could have even been a little bit earlier than that. But they started. They have worked around the clock on Saturday, Sunday. They're working right now. I mean, they're covering a lot of territory.This is the seventh investigation of Judge Kavanaugh. Number seven. This isn't number one. They started on Friday. They worked all weekend. They've gone late into the evenings. The FBI is really working hard. And they're putting in a lot of hours. So hopefully they came come up with what everybody is looking for.But, no -- I'm guided by the Senate. I want to make the Senate happy because ultimately they're making the judgment. I'm not making the judgement. I've already made my judgement. The Senate is making a judgement on Judge Kavanaugh. That's a very important thing to do. Yes. Go ahead. Peter, go ahead.It is up to me. It is up to me. But I'm instructing them as per what I feel the Senate wants. The Senate is making this decision.And I'm instructing them as per what the Senate is looking for.Well, I have so instructed him. And I did it again over the weekend. Because I see the press was -- I don't want to us the word, in this case, "misleading." It's a much more complex subject than anybody would understand, and that most people understand.But essentially I have done that. But I did also say "within the bounds of what the Senate wants." We don't want to go on a -- to use an expression, often used by me -- we don't want to go on a witch hunt. Do we?It wouldn't bother me at all. Now it depends; I don't know all three of the accusers.Certainly, I imagine, they're going to interview two. The third one, I don't know much about. But it wouldn't bother me at all.I mean, I've been -- heard that the third one has -- I have no idea if this is true -- has very little credibility. If there is any credibility, interview the third one.But I want to interview -- I want it to be done quickly because it's unfair to the family and to the judge. It's unfair -- it's so unfair to his kids and his -- his wife.Well, certainly we gave the doctor tremendous time, which is great. She spoke well. But, you know, there are some questions that haven't been answered like: What year was it? What day was it? Where was it? Do you know the location? Do you know the house? A lot of different things. People are saying, "Well, you know, what's going on?" With all of that, you cannot say that we've done anything but be respectful.And I do. And I respect her position very much. I respect her position very much. I believe -- and again, this is Republican senators and this is the Senate -- I believe they've been very respectful to the doctor, Dr. Ford.Well, yeah. Peter, I think the FBI should interview anybody that they want within reason. But you have to say "within reason."They should interview but they should also be guided -- and I'm being guided -- by what the Senators are looking for because they have to make the choice. Go ahead. Now you can go.I think so. I think it's fine if they do. I don't know. That's up to them.I think that he spoke very conclusively and very well. I think it's been a very rough period of time. I guarantee he's never had a period of time like this.When he was chosen, everybody said, "Oh, this is going to go so quickly." Look, people thought, 10 years ago, that Brett Kavanaugh was going to be a Supreme Court Justice because of his intellect, because of his career, because of the fact that there are no games -- you know, now they talk about alcohol. They talk about all of the things that you hear.And, frankly, you take a look at -- they're bringing up subjects -- we would know about this over the last 20 years, 30 years of his career. You know, what happened? They're going back to high school. And they're saying, "He drank a lot one evening in high school."You know? I'll tell you what. I happen to know some United States senators. One who is -- on the other side -- who is pretty aggressive. I've seen that person in very bad situations. Okay? I've seen that person in very, very bad situations. Somewhat compromising. And, you know, I think it's very unfair to bring up things like this. However, whatever the senators want is okay with me. They're going to be making a decision. Whatever they want is okay with me.Go ahead.That's enough, Peter. Go. Please.Say it.Oh, I think the press has treated me unbelievably unfairly. In fact, when I won, I said, "The good thing is now the press finally gets it. Now they'll finally treat me fairly." They got worse. [Laughter] They're worse now than ever. They're loco, but that's okay. I put up with it. Go ahead.I use that word because of the fact that we made a deal with Mexico. So. No. No. Please, sit down.Go ahead.I'll -- you're going to be next. You're going to be next.Go ahead.Well, I've watched -- I watched him. I was surprised at how vocal he was about the fact that he likes beer. And he's had a little bit of difficulty. I mean, he talked about things that happened when he drank. I mean, this is not a man that said that alcohol was -- that he was perfect, with respect to alcohol. No, I thought he was actually -- going back so many years -- I thought was excellent.The interesting thing is though, nobody asked about what's happened in the last 25, 30 years, during his professional career because I -- there were no bad reports.I mean, there are bad reports on everybody in here. Most of the people sitting down, they're bad. Except for Mike Pence, by the way. [Laughter] And if we find one on him, then I'm -- I think that's going to be -- that will be the greatest shock of all time. [Laughter]No, there are bad reports on everybody. I'm looking at people. I'm sort of -- look at some of these people asking the questions. Okay? Look at Blumenthal: He lied about Vietnam. He didn't just say, "Hey, I went to Vietnam." No. No. For 15 years, he said he was a war hero. He fought in Da Nang province. We call him "Da Nang Richard." Da Nang -- that's his nickname. Da Nang. He never went to Vietnam.And he's up there saying, "We need honesty and we need integrity." This guy lied when he was the attorney general of Connecticut. He lied; I don't mean a little bit. And then, when he got out -- he actually dropped out of the race, and he won anyway because Democrats always win in Connecticut. He won very close. Probably the closest ever. But here's a guy -- lied and now he's up there talking like he's holier than thou. You know what? Take a look at his record.And when he got out and when he apologized, he was crying. The tears were all over the place. And now he acts like, "How dare you?" Take a look at the judge who has lead an exemplary life. I mean, you're going back to high school because he had beer? I think the judge has been pretty amazing about describing his situation with alcohol and with beer.I mean, take a look at Cory Booker. He ran Newark, New Jersey into the ground. He was a horrible mayor. And he made statements that -- when he was in high school or college, what he was doing -- he actually made the statements. And now he's talking about Judge Kavanaugh.And I could go through a whole list of them. Okay. Look at Dianne Feinstein. You're telling me about time. Dianne Feinstein knew about this two months earlier. If she wanted a really thorough investigation, we had all the time in the world. She didn't have to wait until after the hearing was closed, essentially.She should have said, "Listen, I have a problem. I have this report. I'd like the FBI to look at it while we're doing the hearings." We had two months. No, she didn't do that. She waited until we were closed, and then she probably leaked it. But, you know, who am I to say? But she probably leaked it, based on her very bad body language the other day.But more importantly, in a sense, for her to have waited that period of time -- and now for you, Democrats -- and I guess I'm including you too, the media, right. I consider you a part of the Democrat Party. But for you, for the Democrats to be talking about, "We want more time for the FBI" -- if you wanted more time for the FBI, why didn't Dianne Feinstein bring this up?Now you know that she showed this to other Democrats. She's not the only one. She showed this to other Democrats. There were more than just her that knew about this big confidential thing.It was confidential until the hearing was over. After the hearing was over, they went public. Why didn't they do it during the hearing? And we could have had all the time in the world. You know why? Because they're dishonest people. Okay. Yes please.Go ahead.I don't think he did.I -- look, here's what -- I'm just saying, I'm not a drinker. I can honestly say I never had a beer in my life. Okay?It's one of my only good traits. [Laughter] I don't drink. Whenever they looking for something good, I say, "I never had a glass of alcohol." I've never had alcohol. I've just -- for whatever reason. Can you imagine if I had, what a mess I'd be. [Laughter] Would I be -- I'd be the world's worst. But I never drank. I never drank. Okay? But I can tell you, I watched that hearing. And I watched a man saying that he did have difficulty, as a young man, with drink.The one question I didn't ask is: How about the last 20 years? Have you have difficulty the last 20 years? Because nobody said anything bad about him in many, many years. They go back to high school.You know, I graduated from high school, and I -- while I did not drink, I saw a lot of people drinking. They'd drink beer and they'd go crazy. And you know, they were in high school. They were 16, 17 years old. And I saw a lot of it. Does that mean that they can't do something that they want to do with their life?So it's a very tough thing. I really believe that he was very strong on the fact that he drank a lot. And so I don't know where there would be a big discrepancy. Yes. Go ahead. Please.You know what? You've really had enough.Hey, you've had enough. Go ahead. Please.Well, you'll have to ask him that question. But I can tell you, he's been treated horribly. He's a good man. He's a good man ---- with a great family. I think he's been treated horribly.Lindsey Graham was, I thought, terrific the other day. And he brought up one point that is now being discussed by a lot of people. And that's: Who is going to want to run for office, be in office, take an appointment of -- not just Supreme Court -- but, you know, many, many positions?I have right now 360 people that aren't being approved. They're very qualified. Nobody says they're not qualified, but Senator Schumer is not approving them because of resist and obstruct.It's much longer than ever in the history of our country. Like, I think, double the time, almost. It's far more people than anybody in the history of our country. Most of those people are routine approvals. These are people that gave up jobs. They gave up their life to come and serve our country. And Schumer and his group won't approve them. They're slow walking them. Everything is going at -- 30-hours meeting. They take them out -- 30 hours. The person that's going to be approved. It's a disgrace.So when the judge brings up whether it's politics or not, I don't know. You'd have to ask him. But I can say this, he's been treated really, really horribly. Please. Go ahead. Please.I'm not concerned. No. No. You know what I'm concerned? That we get great, great people on the U.S. Supreme Court. That's what I'm concerned. And I want to have great people.And I don't want to have to call people for any court and have them say, "Sir, it's such a great honor but no, thank you. I just can't do it. I just can't do it." That will be a sad day for our country. And we're going to come close to that because I know people now that say, "I don't know how he does it. I don't know why he would have taken it." Nobody knew a thing like this could have happened.When -- when Justice -- now-Justice Gorsuch got approved, it was rough, but it was nothing like this, what they're doing to this man and what they're coming up with -- and in many cases, fabricating. Because, as you know, many stories were pulled back, and certain stories were pulled back that were horrible. What they're doing to this man and his family is very, very sad, and very bad for our nation.Yes.I would say some of them, yes.Yes.No. No, I think I'll save it for a book, like everybody else and I'll write it. [Laughter] Okay. I'm not giving it to you. Yeah. Please, go ahead.I would certainly look at that. I'm open. I'm open. I think he's a fine man. I think he's a great scholar.I so believed him when he -- that when he said what he did -- he focused on being number one at Yale; on being number one in high school; at being number one at Law. He focused. I can so understand that.I mean, it was such a -- it's so important. The way he said that, it made an impact on me. He was so focused on being number one at Yale. And I believe he was number one at Yale. But I understood that very well.Yes.Well, we -- no, no. You're wrong. You're wrong about that.So in order to eliminate -- terminate bump stocks, we have to go through a procedure. We are now at the final stages of that procedure. In fact, the lawyers were just telling me. And over the next couple of weeks, I'll be able to write it up. But you can't just write it out because rules and regulations in this country are really tough, even for something like that.So we're knocking out bump stocks. I've told the NRA. I've told them: Bump stocks are gone. But to do it, you have to go to public hearings, which we've had. You have to go through all sorts of regulatory control systems. And we are in the final couple of weeks. And I'll be -- is our attorney around someplace, please?He said, "We're in the final -- we're in the final two or three weeks." And I'll be able to write out bump stocks. But it's process that takes -- statutorily, it takes about a year to do it.To do it properly.Yeah, and we're working also with Congress on both sides. We are. We're working on a lot of different things having to do -- that was a horrible thing. But we're working on both sides of that question.And the bump stock is almost gone. But again, to do it so it's meaningful -- the lawyer just said it -- yeah, we've gone through a whole procedure. If you look -- in fact, you could call Derek, who you know very well, and he's gone through the full procedure. We've done it absolute by the book. And in a very short period of time, bump stocks will be ruled out. Okay?Yes.You've had one. Yes. Yes, Ma'am.Go ahead, please.Please. Please. Please. Sit down.That's true.Well, they're not retaliatory. They're really -- trying to get some really bad things from happening.They were dumping in our country -- it was China and various others -- were dumping massive amounts of dead steel. It's called "dead steel." It's also imperfect steel. Inside that steel was a lot of bad things that make for a weaker steel.So when we're building bridges, and you have mud steel or you have other quantities of other material in that steel, that's a very bad thing. It's very unsafe. So it's not just economic.It's the -- you know, we have -- the miners have been very thankful for what I've done. You saw that the other night in West Virginia. And we have metallurgic coal and other materials. We have mines that are opening up now to get that incredible stuff. This is used not for heating and cooling; this is used in electric. This is used to make steel. And those mines are now opening up and we're making steel.And the price is going to end up being less because we don't have the shipping problems. When you ship it from places so far away -- you'll see. We'll have hundreds of new plants opened up in our country, and they'll be competing against each other. And outsiders won't be able to compete.Just so you understand what was going to happen: They were going to knock out every steel plant we had, and then they were going to double and triple the price and we couldn't have done anything about it. It's a very dangerous thing. And we've employed a lot of people. And billions of dollars is now flowing into our treasury. Okay. Yeah. In the back, please. Please.No. No. No.No. I'm using them to negotiate. And hopefully, we can make a great deal with China -- a fair deal and a reciprocal deal. But a great deal and a fair deal.We have a lot of catching up to do with China. You know, when they drain us for $500 billion a year, which is probably the real number -- and that's not including the theft of intellectual property and other things. And a lot of people say it's hard to value. But a lot of people say that could be $300 billion a year. That's a tremendous -- you can't let -- you just can't let that happen.No. We're using tariffs very successfully to negotiate. And if we're unable to make a fair deal, then we'll use tariffs. But Mexico and -- if you look at Mexico and Canada, they're way beyond that. We have a deal that really works.And the nice part about the deal we make with them is it's not a specific product. It's a product all across the line. Whether it's dairy, or -- just a lot of -- a lot of -- you see the list of products. There are many, many products, and they're all included. So it's across the board.Go ahead.I don't want to talk about plan B because I think -- I hope that he gets approved. I hope that the report comes out like it should -- like I really think it should. I think it will. I hope. I hope.But look, I'm waiting just like you. Certainly, if they find something, I'm going to take that into consideration. Absolutely. I have a very open mind.The person that takes that position is going to be there for a long time. I have a very open mind. I just think he's an outstanding person. I think he's been treated horribly.Even if you were going to bring up some of the subjects that were brought up, they didn't have to treat him so viciously and so violently as they've treated him.Okay. Thank you all very much. Thank you very much everybody. [Applause]I think it's going very well. The FBI, as you know, is all over talking to everybody, and I would expect -- he's a very high quality person -- I would expect it's going to turn out very well for the judge. There's never been anybody that's been looked at like Judge Kavanaugh. I think that it's going to work out very well, but the FBI, I believe, is doing a really great job. They have been all over, already.Yeah, they have free reign. They're going to do whatever they have to do, whatever it is they do. They'll be doing things that we never even thought of, and hopefully at the conclusion, everything will be fine.What?Yeah, I think he's great. I don't think there's ever been any person that's been under scrutiny like he has been. I think it's been a very tough process, but he's a good man who's a great judge. This is a great judge, highly respected for many, many years at the top of the list, and I hope everything works out great.But I will say there are a lot of people going out right now, working very hard, I'm going to West Virginia. We have a big crowd. Many of you are going, and we're gonna have a lot of fun. We're gonna have a rally, and it's gonna be a lot of fun.Well, I think we have a close race. That's going to be a race. We have a lot of close races. We have races, as an example, in the Senate, we're having races that nobody thought were possible, and now they're tied, and actually Republicans are winning.And I really believe when the public looks at the situation that's taken place over the last three or four days, and what the Democrats are doing and, more importantly, how they're acting, so terribly, so dishonestly, keeping papers and documents, not releasing them until after hearings are over. I really think the Republicans are picking up a lot. I really believe that. I'll see you... I'll see you in West Virginia.Well, I think it's fine, I think actually this could be a blessing in disguise, because having the FBI go out to a thorough investigation, whether it's three days or seven days, I think it's going to be less than a week. But having them do a thorough investigation, I actually think will be a blessing in disguise. It'll be a good thing. I'll see you in...I don't have any... I don't need a backup plan. We'll have to see what happens. I think he's going to be fine. Again., one of the most respected men, and certainly one of the most respected, jurist or judges in the United StatesOh, I think she was, but we're going to have to find out. I think, frankly, the FBI has a chance to reveal a lot of different things. I'd like to find out who leaked that the papers. Was it Senator Feinstein? Because certainly her body language was not exactly very good when they asked her that question. So I would like to find out as part of it, who leaked the papers. Which Democrat leaked the papers. Thank you very much.Thank you very much, everybody. We have had a great three days at the United Nations in New York. And this is quite a gathering. Wow. It's a lot of people. A lot of media. We've covered a great deal of territory. Just left, as you know, Prime Minister Abe of Japan.We're starting trade talks with them; they were not willing for years to talk trade. And now they're willing to talk trade. And I'm sure we'll make a very good deal. As you know, two days ago, we signed a deal with South Korea, a trade deal, a tremendous deal with South Korea.It means a lot of business for our farmers. We're opening up for farmers. We're opening up for a lot of different groups. We're going to be able to sell much more than double the number of automobiles that we were allowed under a deal that was totally defective that was there and so we're very happy with that.That deal is actually concluded. We're very well along the way with Mexico. The relationship is very good.And with Canada, we'll see what happens. They're charging us 300 percent tariffs on dairy products. We can't have that. With China, as you know, we put out an announcement today, they would like to see me lose an election, because they have never been challenged like this. But I want to open up China to our farmers and to our industrialists and our companies.And China is not open. But we're open to them. They charge us 25, 35, 55 percent for things, and we charge them nothing in terms of coming into the country. Cars, they're at 25 percent, and we're at 2 percent and 2.5 percent.But we're doing very well in our situation with China on trade. I have a great relationship with the president of China, President Xi. But it's got to be a two-way street. For 25 years and longer, it was not. And trillions and trillions of dollars was taken out of the United States for the benefit of China.We just can't have that. We have to make it fair. So we're at $250 billion now, 25 percent interest. And a lot of money is coming into our coffers. And it's had no impact on our -- absolutely, by the way, no impact on our economy. Which I said it wouldn't. In fact, steel is like the hottest industry there is. If you look at what happened with steel, we're charging a 25 percent tariff for the dumpers.They dump massive amounts of steel. They want to put the steel companies out of business, and after they're out of business, they'll come in and charge five times more than you ever thought possible. And we need steel, and we need aluminum. And those industries are doing well. But steel is incredible. US Steel is opening up a minimum of eight plants Nucor is opening up plants.Billion-dollar plants, in some cases. So what's happening with the steel industry is very exciting to me. It's being rebuilt overnight.If you look at the miners in coal, if you look at energy, lNG, Japan just gave some numbers that are incredible. They're doubling the amount that they're going to be buying for Japan. They're taking the ING, and they're doubling it up. I said, you have to do me a favor. We don't want these big deficits. You're going to have to buy more.They're buying massive amounts of equipment and military equipment. And other countries are doing the same thing. Because we have trade and balances with almost everybody.It's a rare exception that we don't. So we are doing great as a country. Unfortunately, they just raised interest rates a little bit, because we are doing so well. I'm not happy about that, because I know it's going to be a question. I am not happy about that. I would rather pay down debt or do other things.Create more jobs. So I'm worried about the fact that they seem to like raising interest rates. We can do other things with the money. And -- but they raised them. And they're raising them because we're doing so well. We're doing much better than I had projected in terms of when I was campaigning. I said we were going to do this, and we're doing much better than anybody ever thought possible.And I will say, if others got in, it would have been just the opposite, because they were going to put restrictions on. They were going to put regulations on. They were going to choke the economy, as it was already choking, but it would have been worse. And they're going to raise your taxes. That's what they want to do now if they ever got control, which I don't think they'll have control for a long time.So with that being said, we'll take some questions. And, yes, please. John? Go ahead. We have plenty of time.Yes.Yes.Right.Well, the FBI told us they've investigated Judge Kavanaugh six times, five times, many times over the years. They know him very well. Here there was nothing to investigate from at least one standpoint. They didn't know the location. They didn't know the time. They didn't know the year. They didn't know anything.And it's like, where do you go? Also, it's not for the FBI. If you look at what Joe Biden he said, they don't do this. And he said it very clearly.So I think when you really look at it all, it's not going to change any of the Democrats, they're obstructionists. They're actually con artists, because they know how quality this man is, and they have destroyed a man's reputation. And they want to destroy it even and I think people are going to see that in the mid terms.What they have done to this family, what they have done to these children. These beautiful children of his. And what they have done to his wife.And they know it's a big, fat con job. And they go into a room, and I guarantee you, they laugh like hell at what they pulled off on you and on the public. They laugh like hell. So it wouldn't have mattered if the FBI came back with a cleanest score. And you understand that very well, John. If they would have come back with the most perfect, we found everything and he's perfectly innocent of everything.It wouldn't have made a difference. You wouldn't have gotten one vote. Now, we will get votes from the Democrats if we win. You'll have three, four or five Democrats giving us votes. Because they're in states that I won by 30 and 40 points, and they're going to give us votes. But other than that, you probably won't get any, John.Yes, go ahead, please.I won't get into that game. I only tell you this. This is one of the highest quality people that I have ever met. And everybody that knows him says the same thing. And these are all false, to me. These are false accusations in certain cases, and certain cases even the media agrees with that. I can only say that what they have done to this man is incredible.You know, it's very interesting. I pick a lot of judges. I have 145 judges I will be picking by the end of a fairly short period of time. Because president Obama wasn't big on picking judges. When I got there, I said, how is this possible? I have 145, including court of appeals judges. And they just didn't do it.You know why? They got tired. They got complacent. Something happened. I have 145 judges. Everybody wants to be a federal judge. Not just a Supreme Court judge. I'm talking about court of appeals. I'm talking about district court. I don't think they're going to want to so much. I'll be calling people, and we'll have people calling people that do this.And people are going to be scared, because we could say it about you. 35 years ago, you met — and you might know — you might not know what's going on.What is going on? Why did they wait so long? Why did Senator Feinstein wait until the hearings were over and make this case? Why didn't she bring it right at the beginning, when you ask about, as an example, the FBI. Why didn't they bring this right at the beginning? During the hearing? You would have had all the time in the world for the FBI.It would have been fine.Now, the FBI, as you know, did investigate this time, as they have five or six other times. And they did a very thorough investigation. But this is a big con job. And I would love to be in the room with the Democrats, close the door, you guys are all away, outside, waiting. And Schumer and his buddies are all in there laughing, how they fooled you all.Let's just stop them a big fat go ahead.By the way, I only say this — 36 years. No charge. No nothing. But — that happens often. People are going to have to make a decision. 36 years. There's no charge. All of a sudden, the hearings are over. And the rumors start coming out. And then you have this other con artist, Avenatti, come out with another beauty today.I only say that you have to look at the facts too. The senators are very capable people. They're very good people. I know many of them. They're friends of mine. These are very talented, very good people. And they are going to vote.They're going to have to believe what they believe. I can — when I look at what's happened to the reputation of a great gentleman, a great intellect, a brilliant man, somebody that has a chance to be one of our great Supreme Court justices in history, intellectually, I think it's a shame. Yes, please.I've been very proactive against Cuba. I don't like what's happening in Cuba. As you know, President Obama gave them a pass. And I didn't like it. Neither do Cuban people, based on the people that came from Cuba and suffered in Cuba. I don't like what he did. I've ended much of it, most of it. I don't like what's happening in Cuba, and I certainly don't like what's happening in Venezuela.Yes, please. Go ahead.Well, I wouldn't say that socialism has been working really well around the world. You can take a look at Venezuela as your number one — I guess the one that's most obvious. But you take a look around the world, socialism is not exactly riding high. Please. Go ahead.What does he mean by that? Explain.What does it mean?I wouldn't mind that at all.Wouldn't make any difference to me.Go ahead.Well, first of all, I wasn't happy with Roy Moore, let's get that straight. But Roy Moore was a ... Republican candidate. And I would have rather had a Republican candidate win.I was very happy with Luther Strange. He was a terrific man, but Luther Strange had a lot of things going against him. As far as women, whether it's a man or a woman, these are — you know, it can happen the other way. Allegations can go the other way also. You understand that.And whether it was a man or a woman, 30 years ago, 36 years ago — in fact, they don't even know how many years ago, because nobody knows what the time is. That's a long time. And I could pick, as an example, hopefully I won't have to do it as a replacement, because hopefully this is going to go very well on Thursday.It's going to go very well on Monday or Saturday or Sunday or whenever they vote. But I could pick a woman. And she could have charges made from many years ago also.And I would look at the character. No, what I have to do --I don't think people are reluctant to come forward. They're going to have a chance to speak at a — they have a major chance to speak. Excuse me. Excuse me. They have a major chance to speak. And it will be tomorrow, I assume. We've delayed this, meaning the Republican senators — not me. The Republican senators have delayed this for weeks now.They're giving the women a major chance to speak. Now, it's possible I'll hear that, and I'll say, hey. I'm changing my mind. That is possible. We want to give them a chance to speak.Well, whoever is given a chance. We've delayed it a long time. But they're going to have a big shot at speaking and making their case. And, you know what? I could be persuaded also. Okay? Yes, please. Please, go ahead. Go ahead. I would like to go — yes, go ahead, please.Have they been what?I can't tell you. I have to watch tomorrow. I have to read. I just heard about one a little while ago. I can tell you her lawyer is a lowlife, okay? So I can't tell you whether or not their liars until I hear them. I don't know what happened today, because I've been very busy with Japan, with South Korea, with China and about seven other countries.As you know. And I chaired the security council.So I don't know about today's person that came forward. I do know about the lawyer, and you don't get much worse. Bad reputation to take a look at his past. I'm going to see what happens tomorrow. I'm going to be watching, believe it or not. I'm going to see what's said. It's possible they will be convincing.Now, with all of that being said, Judge Brett Kavanaugh has been for many years one of the most respected people in Washington. He's been on, I guess would call it, the second-highest court. And every single person knows him. A lot of people know him well. And those people don't believe what's going on. I can always be convinced.I have to hear it.If I thought he was guilty of something like this, yeah, sure.I want to watch. I want to see. I hope I can watch. I'm meeting with a lot of countries tomorrow. But I will certainly in some form be able to watch. And I'll also rely on some very fair and talented Republican senators who — look, if we brought George Washington here and we said, we have George Washington, the Democrats would vote against him.Just so you understand. And he may have had a bad past, who knows, you know? He may have had some — I think accusations made. Didn't he have a couple of things in his past?George Washington would be voted against 100 percent by Schumer and the con artists. 100 percent. So it really doesn't matter from their standpoint. That's why when John asked about the FBI, if the FBI did the most thorough investigation in the history of the FBI, and they found him to be 100 percent perfect, he would lose every single vote.Now, if the Republicans win tomorrow, I think you're going to get some votes. From the Democrats. You know why? Because we all know why. Because it's called politics. Then you'll probably get some votes. Okay, let's go. One more question, yes. She says, I would like to ask about three questions. It's not really fair to everyone else.Should I let her ask another question? Go ahead.It's not a benefit of the doubt. I've known them. Haley, I've known them for a long time and a lot of these people. A lot of people. And some I've been disappointed with. I have been disappointed with some. Others I — you know, there were charges that were pretty weak. But I've known people for a long I never saw them do anything I never saw them do anything wrong.And there are some that probably I agree. I can tell you there are some that I have been watching for a long time. And in a couple of cases, they weren't Republicans, and in a lot of cases they were not. They were exactly the opposite. But I've been watching them for a long time. And I knew for a long time these were not good people.And they were never brought up. Okay. Yes, ma'am, go ahead. Thank you very much, by the way. Thank you.Thank you.I do.I wish it could have gone quicker.Well, there is a truth. I mean, there is a chance that her parents could have reported it 36 years ago.It doesn't mean they had to report it, because in some instances, people keep it quiet. It's a very tough situation for a woman. There's no question about it. And in some cases, they do report it. Frankly, had they reported it, it would have been pretty amazing, wouldn't it? But I guess they didn't. And that's okay.I'm not saying they had to report it. Because it's a very personal thing. It's a very big problem. There's no question about it. Go ahead.I'd like to hear her story, yeah. We're giving her time.They would have given her time last week. This is the United States Senate. This is the most important position that a president can give out. I think we can say that by far. I've actually heard it's the most important decision a president can make. I disagree with that. War and peace. I always say war and peace.And after that, Supreme Court justice. Right? I look forward to hearing from her. We could have heard from her last week. We could have heard from her for a long time. It will be interesting to hear what she has to say, okay?Which one? Which question?I've been accused. False accusations.Excuse me. I've been accused. And I was accused by — I believe it was four women. You can check with Sean Hannity. You can check with Fox, because they covered it very strongly.Who got paid. Excuse me. Excuse me. I was accused by four or five women who got paid a lot of money to make up stories about me. We caught them in the mainstream media refused to put it on television. They refused to even write about it. There were four women, and maybe more, I think the number is four or five.But one had a mortgage paid off her house, $52,000. Another one had other things happen. And the one that reported it, I believe was offered $750,000. To say bad things about me. And she is the one that reported it. This woman is incredible. She reported it. Instead of taking the money. So I have had numerous accusations about me.I mean, they made false statements about me. Knowing they were false. I never met them. I never met these people. And what did they do? What did they do? They took money in order to say bad things. I've had stories written in the New York Times, front page, about four women. The whole top center front page of the New York Times.I think it was four big I said, wow, that's a big thing. What's that? These were women that were quoted saying bad things about me. Not the worst things about me.But bad things. And I said, gee, that's too bad. I knew them a long time ago. 15 years ago, 20 years ago. I said, that's too bad. I'm surprised at them. And then all of a sudden, I see them on television. Nothing to do with me. The next day or day later, they were incensed. They said, Donald Trump is a nice guy.We never said this. The New York Times did false reporting. They're fake news.And you know what? The New York Times would not report that their story was fake. These women said great things. Not only did they not say the bad stuff. They said great things about me. Front page. And those women — they're incredible women. They went on television, and they didn't want to. And I didn't ask them.And they said the New York Times made it up. They gave false quotes. And they went on a lot of shows. They were really incensed, and they couldn't believe it. That's why people know that a lot of the news is fake. And a lot of the people sitting here are fake. But 20 percent of them are wonderful.You've been asking a question for ten minutes. Please sit down. Please, go ahead. Go ahead.It does impact my opinion. You know why? Because I've had a lot of false charges made against me. I'm a very famous person. Unfortunately. I've been a famous person for a long time. But I've had a lot of false charges made against me. Really false charges. I know friends that have had false charges. People want fame, they want money, they want whatever.So when I see it, I view it differently than somebody sitting home watching television where they say, oh, Judge Kavanaugh, this or that. It's happened to me many times. I've had many false charges. I had a woman sitting in an airplane, and I attacked her while people were coming on to the plane? And I have a number one bestseller out?It was a total phony story. There are many of them. So when you say does it affect me in terms of my thinking with respect to Judge Kavanaugh, absolutely. Because I've had it many times. And if the news would have reported these four people, I couldn't believe it. When I heard they caught these four people, I said, wow.That's a big story. And it was. For Fox. Okay.That's right, that's what I hear.We have evidence. We have evidence. It will come out. Yeah, I can't tell you now. But it came — it didn't come out of nowhere, that I can tell you. Now, if you -- they've actually admitted that they're going after farmers. I mean, I think most of you can -- cover that. I like that you're shaking your head next.I'm going to ask you the next question because of that, okay? It's probably going to be the killer of all questions.But let me just explain. China now — put on $250 billion, and they're paying 25% on that. They're paying billions and billions — this has never happened to China. And I like China. And I like President Xi a lot. I think he's a friend of mine. He may not be a friend anymore. But I think he probably respects — from what I hear, if you look at Mr. Pillsbury, the leading authority on China, he was on a good show.I won't mention the name of the show — recently.And he was saying that China has total respect for Donald Trump and for Donald Trump's very, very large brain. He said Donald Trump, they don't know what to do. Never happened. One thing they are trying to do is they're trying to convince people to go against Donald Trump. Because a normal, regular political person that has no concept of what the hell he's doing would let China continue to take $500 billion a year out of our country, and rebuild their country.They were building 29 massive bridges, like the George Washington Bridge. They're building things that we don't build any more. But we're starting to build them again.And our economy now is hotter than it's ever been. I don't know if you saw the confidence levels this morning that just came out. Fantastic. And in all fairness to the fed raising rates, they're raising rates because we've never done like we're doing now. And one of the things that is nice about the rates, the people that were hurt the worst by these zero interest rates and, you know -- when President Obama had an economy that was -- it was the worst comeback since the Great Depression and you've all heard that.But remember, he was playing with zero interest money. He was playing with funny money. That's easy. I'm playing with fairly expensive money.So when he does that, the people that benefit are people that actually in their whole life, they would save 10, 15, 20% of their salary, put it in the bank. Those people got killed, because they put their money in the bank, they were going to live off the interest, and there was no interest. Now those people are starting to get interest.And those are the people, frankly, that deserve to -- you know, they did a great job. The people that did it right, the people that did the best job, got hurt the most. So in one sense, I like it. But basically, I'm a low interest rate person. I hate to tell you. Yes, go ahead.Yes.I'm talking to him. We've had a good talk. He said he never said it. He said he doesn't believe it. He said he has a lot of respect for me. And he was very nice and we'll see. And he's a member of the trump administration. In that sense. It's the justice department. I would certainly prefer not doing that.There was no collusion. There was no obstruction. I mean, unless you call obstruction the fact that I fight back. I fight back. I really fight back. If you call that obstruction, that's fine. But there's no obstruction. There's no collusion.I'm going to meet with him tomorrow. I may call Rod tonight or tomorrow and ask for a little bit of a delay to the meeting, because I don't want to do anything that gets in the way of this very important supreme court pick. So I don't want it competing and hurting the decision. One way or the other decision.Again, I want to hear what she has to say. But I don't want to -- so I may delay that. I'm going to see. I don't want to do anything that's going to conflict with that. But my preference would be to keep him. And to let him finish up.You know, I call it a witch hunt. And it is a witch hunt. If you look at the FBI statements with Strzok and his lover, Lisa Page. If you look at all of the things that have gone on in the FBI, if you look at McCabe taking $700,000 from a Hillary Clinton PAC, essentially run by Terry McAuliffe, her best friend in the world, and he gives them hundreds of thousands of and he's in charge of her campaign and his wife is getting all of this money to run -- she lost -- to run.I mean, what's going on? If you look at the horrible statements like, Way to go, page. Great story you put into a newspaper. Essentially now we'll go and investigate that group. It's terrible. We have caught people doing things that are terrible. I would much prefer keeping Rod Rosenstein. Much prefer. Many people say I have the right to absolutely fire him.He said he did not say it. He said he does not believe that. And nobody in this room believes it.By the way, I deal with the people in this room. I was with Mike Pompeo before. We were dealing at a very high level with Japan. And I was saying things that nobody in the room even understood. And I said them a long time ago and I was right. He said, that's not the 25th Amendment that I'm looking at. I think I can say that for Mike.I don't think so. Well, yeah, enemies, sure.They'll use anything they can! They're not in love with me. They're not going to beat me in the election. They know that. They're not going to beat me. The people that I'm looking at are total light weights. I dream of running against those people. Maybe they'll come up with somebody that's not. They're not going to beat me. I'm against what they want to I'm in favor of law enforcement.I'm in favor of safety and security and low taxes. I want low taxes. I want borders. We're getting another $1.6 billion in borders. I want borders. We've spent 3.2, and we're getting another 1.6. And then eventually we're getting the whole thing and we'll complete the wall.They don't want that. They don't want that. They don't want the things that I have. Now, I must say. I know many of the Democrats. They'll say things and then wink at me. And, again, it's the same old story. They'll say things, they don't mean it, it's politics. The reason they don't want me is because they want to run the show.They want it. It's power, it's whatever you want to call it.But what they have done here is a disgrace. A total disgrace. And what they do -- I know it's interesting. In one case, they say, he's a fascist, he's taking over the government, he's the most powerful president ever. He's a horrible human being. He wants to take over the entire government and he's going to do it. We can't stop him.That didn't work. The next week, he said, uh, he's incompetent. I said, wait a minute, in one case I'm taking over the world. And in the other case, he's they tried that for a week. That didn't work. Look, these are very dishonestpeople. These are con artists. And the press knows it. But the press doesn't write it. That's a lot of hands. That's a lot -- Steve, go ahead. Here's a very high-quality person, this man. But he'll probably hit me with a bad one. Go ahead, give it to me, Steve.Because I like him. So I received two letters from Chairman Kim. At some point, I'll, you know, give these letters. They're incredible letters. They're -- they're letters that are magnificent in the sense of his feeling for wanting to get this done. I really believe he wants to get it done. I may be wrong.I heard somebody on a certain network last night, I won't mention which one, say, why has president trump given so much to North Korea? I said, wait a minute. I asked Sarah Huckabee, please call this person. I gave nothing, other than I met. What did I give them? I didn't do what Obama did, give $1.8 billion in cash to get back four hostages.I got back our hostages. I haven't paid them anything. I haven't paid them ten cents. But he wants to make a deal and I would like to make a deal. We actually have a very good relationship together. A lot different than the last time he was at the United Nations. That was a little bit rough.Don't forget, that time they said, oh, Trump is saying these horrible things. He's going to get us into a war. You are going to have a war if I wasn't elected, you would be in a war. And President Obama essentially said the same thing. He was ready to go to war. You would have had a war and you would have lost millions, not thousands.You would have lost millions of people. Seoul has 30 million people, 40 miles and 30 miles from this very dangerous border. If I wasn't elected, you would have had a war. President Obama thought you had a good war. You know how close he was to pressing the trigger for war?Millions of people. With me, nobody is talking about nobody is talking about that. We have a very good relationship. He likes me, I like him. We get along. He wrote me two of the most beautiful letters. When I showed one of the letters -- just one -- to prime minister Abe, he said, this is actually a groundbreaking letter.This is an incredible -- this is a historic letter. And it is a historic letter. It's a beautiful -- it's a beautiful piece of art. And I think we're going to make a deal.Will we make a deal, Steve? I don't really know. But I think we're going to. In the meantime, and I have said it -- I don't want to bore you. No rockets, no missiles, no nuclear tests. You know, for over a year. Where you haven't seen. Before I got here, everybody in this room thought you were going to war.And then what happened, it was funny. They said, he was terrible! He was so rough with Chairman Kim! Kim Jong-un. He was so rough! It's terrible.Well, I had a great meeting with President Putin. And on that one, they said, he was too soft with President Putin. I had a great meeting. It lasted for two hours. We discussed everything. Ukraine, Syria, Israel and Israel's protection. We had a great meeting. They wanted me to end up in a boxing match. And you know what, if I was killer-tough with president Putin, they would have said, he was too tough.You can't win with these people, but you keep going. And in the meantime we --Steve, I don't want to get into the time game. You know why? I told Mike Pompeo. I said, Mike, don't get into the time game. We stopped him. They're taking down plants, they're taking down a lot of different testing areas. They're going to take down some more. You'll be hearing about that very soon. I don't want to go ahead of myself.But you'll be hearing about it soon. They have no interest right now in testing nuclear.You know, we had a case just about when I was coming into office, you'll remember it, where there was a massive -- they thought it was an a mountain moved over an inch-and-a-half. We're talking about mountains. North Korea is very mountainous. Beautiful land. Beautiful. This mountain actually shifted. It shifted.And somebody thought it was an and then they found out, no, this was nuclear testing. Shifted a mountain. I'm talking about serious stuff. Serious size.When I came in and certainly before I came in, and even at the beginning of my -- because when I was having rhetorical contact -- you know, contests earlier, I guess you could call it, with chairman Kim, which we both smile at now and we laugh at. But everybody thought that was a horrible thing. We've had many presidents who were unable to do anything.Anything at all. With North Korea. We now have a good relationship. We have a good relationship.And most importantly, all of the things that you've been hearing about, the horror stories. In my opinion, they're gone. Now, could they start up again? Yes. I'm a deal guy. Could they start? Yeah. Could be we don't work it out. I think -- I have it right here. I think that what we've done behind the scenes, which nobody really knows about, and I don't blame you for not knowing about.Personal letters, private letters. But saying they want to get it done. We know much more than the media for a change. Much more.But if you saw what's going on behind the scenes, I think you would be very impressed. We were a country going to war. I really believe that President Obama would admit that he said it's by far his biggest problem. When I sat with him prior to going to office, going into office, he said to me, that's by far the biggest problem.And he said to me that he was very close to going into war.And millions of people -- not -- you know, they say, oh, thousands of people. No, no, not thousands. Millions of people would have been killed. And that could have left -- you're right next to China. That could have been a World War very easily. Right now we're in a great position. I don't want to play the time game.I told Mike Pompeo, don't let them do that to you.I haven't given anything. And all of a sudden, we got back, it was a few weeks ago. I think we were back like two-and-a-half months from the summit, which was a great success. And people are screaming, what's taking so long? I said, oh, I get it. You've got to understand the media. I've been dealing with the media all my life.Too much. Too much. They're screaming, and I saw that. And our guys were -- and not Mike, but our guys were being, oh, well, we're working this fast. I said, I've got all the time in the world. I don't have to rush it. There's no -- you know, cessation of sanctions. We've got the sanctions on. I didn't take any sanctions off.I did see a reporter last night, a guy I like, personally, a lot. And he asked a question to President Moon of South Korea. He said, why did the president give so much? I didn't give anything. I gave nothing. What have I given? Other than some time. Yes, I flew to Singapore. We had a meeting.Now, giving would be if I took the sanctions off. I didn't want to do -- if you ask General Mattis for a year-and-a-half, I said why don't we stop these ridiculous, in my opinion, the military, I call them the military games. If I told you how much those games cost, and frankly, I told South Korea, you should be paying for these games.We pay for them. They say, well, we fly the planes in from a short distance away. I said, where is that? Guam. Oh, huh. How long a trip is that? Seven hours. Oh, great. We're flying these massive bombers. I've wanted to stop this for a long time. I consider that an asset.But we have done -- we're saving -- by the way, just for the taxpayer -- we're saving a fortune. And if we need them, we can start them up immediately. If I think we need them, I'll start them before the generals will start them. The fact is, this reporter said that. I said, what have we done? I haven't given anything.And we're really on to the cusp. I think we're really going to do something that's going to be very important.But we're not playing the time game. If it takes two years, three years, or five months. Doesn't matter. There's no nuclear testing, and there's no testing of rockets. Yes, ma'am, go ahead. Go ahead. Please. This is the one that was nodding with every nice thing I said. So watch this question.You're with who?Good, Sky News. Congratulations on the purchase.I hope you benefited. Go ahead.That's probably the nicest phrase I've ever used. Con job. It is. It's a con job. You know, confidence. It's a confidence job. But they -- it's a con job by the Democrats. They know it.The same with the Russia investigation. They tried to convince people that I had something to do with Russia. There was no collusion. Think of it. I'm in Wisconsin. I'm in Michigan. I say, gee, we're not doing well. I won both those states. I'm not doing well. Let me call the Russians to does anybody really believe that?It's a con job. And I watch these guys, little Adam Schiff and all of the guys. He takes a call from a Russian who turned out to be a faker. You know, he was a comedian or something. This is so-and-so calling for -- he took the call. Why is he taking a call from a Russian? Senator Warner took a call from a Russian.He was a comedian or something. But he said, we have pictures of President Trump -- where can I get them? If we ever did that, it would be a big deal. Yeah, it's a con job, and it's not a bad term. It's not a bad term at all.I'll tell you one thing I can say. I have had a lot of people talking about this to me with respect to what's happening. Because it's a horrible I'm going to have to get other judges and other supreme court judges, possibly. I could have a lot of supreme court judges, more than two. And when I called up Brett Kavanaugh, spoke to him and his family and told them that I chose them, they were so happy and so honored.It was as though -- I mean, the about biggest thing that's ever happened. And I understand that. US Supreme court. I don't want to be in a position where people say No, thanks. No, thanks. I don't want to. You know, I spoke to somebody 38 years ago, and it may not be good.We have a country to run. We want the best talent in the world. But I'll tell you this. The people that have complained to me about it the most, about what's happening, are women. Women are very angry. You know, I got 52% with women. Everyone said this couldn't happen. 52%.Women are so angry. And I, frankly, think that -- I think they like what the Republicans are doing. But I think they would have liked to have seen it go a lot faster. But give them their day in court. Let her have her day in court. Let somebody else have a day in court. But the ones that I find -- I mean, I have men that don't like it. But I have women that are incensed at what's going on. I've always said, women are smarter than men.I've said that a lot. And I mean it. But women are incensed at what's going on. Yes, go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead in the back. Who are you, where are you from?No, you. That guy looks like he's shocked. This is going to be not good.The guy looks totally stunned. Have you ever been picked before for a question?Go ahead. Give me your question.Excuse me, you said from where?Great people. Are you a Kurd? Good. Great people. Great fighters. I like them a lot. Let's go. I like this question so far.Well, we are helping them a lot. And we've been very friendly with them. And as you know, we fought side by side. And we have defeated ISIS, essentially, very short while ago in the Middle East. And we did it with a lot of help from the Kurds. And they are. They're great fighters. You know, some people are great fighters and some people aren't. The Kurds are great fighters and great, great people.We're going to be -- we're discussing that situation exactly right now.I'm just telling you. We're going to be discussing that situation. We have already started discussing that situation. But we have had tremendous support from the Kurds in defeating ISIS.Uh, yes. Go. Oh-oh. You don't need it.Yeah, I did.Because his tariffs are too high, and we're thinking about just taxing cars coming from from Canada. That's the motherlode. That's the big one. We're very unhappy with the negotiations and the negotiating style of Canada. We don't like their representative very much. They have taken advantage -- I love Canada, by the way.I have so many friends. I have everybody. So many friends. But that has nothing to do with this. I'm representing the united States. Mexico was totally -- I mean, they were great. By the way, the new president has been great. The deal is done. Now it has to go through congress and a lot of things have to happen.Bob Lighthizer who is here someplace. Where is Bob? He has done a great deal negotiating. But the deal is done.But Canada has treated us very badly. They have treated our farmers in Wisconsin and New York state and a lot of other states very badly. Dairy products. 300%. 300%. How do you sell a dairy product at 300%? The answer is, you don't. What it is, it's a barrier. Basically, they're saying, we don't have any barriers.By the way, it's 300%, so you don't send it in because you can't compete. I must be honest with you, ear we're not getting along with their negotiators we think their negotiators have taken advantage of our country for a long time. We had people who didn't know what they were doing. And that's why we had over the last five or six years, if you average it out, we had $800 billion a year in trade losses.It's ridiculous. It's not going to happen.I don't like NAFTA. I never liked it. It's been very bad for the United States. It's been great for Canada. It's been great for Mexico. Very bad for us.I'm not going to use the name NAFTA. I refuse to use it. I've seen thousands and plants and factories close. I've seen millions of jobs lost to auto companies that move. Mexico has 25% of our auto business now because of NAFTA. Under our deal, not going to happen any more. Hate to tell you, it's not. We're going to keep companies.I told the Mexicans, we have to keep companies, but they're getting a lot also. They're getting other things. They're got getting a lot of good things. Mexico made a very good deal. But with Canada, it's very if we made a deal with Canada, which is a -- you know, good chance still, but I'm not making anything near what they want to do.What we're probably going to do is call it the USMC, like the United States Marine Corps, which I love. General Kelly likes it even more. Where is General Kelly? He likes that. USMC. Which would be US, Mexico, Canada. But it will probably or possibly be just USM. It will be United States and Mexico.Canada will come along. Now, if Canada doesn't make a deal with us, we're going to make a much better deal. We're going to tax the cars that come in. We will put billions and billions of dollars into our treasury. And frankly, we'll be very happy. Because it's actually more money than you can make under any circumstance with making a deal.Okay? Good job, too. You do a very good job. Really good. Yes, please. Mr. Kurd. Go ahead.Oh, I thought I just answeredOkay. We're trying to get along very well. We do get along great with the Kurds. We're trying to help them a lot. Don't forget, that's their territory. We have to help them. I want to help them. Go ahead, what's next? They fought with us. They died with us. They died. We lost tens of thousands of Kurds, died, fighting ISIS.They died for us, and with us. And for themselves. They died for themselves. But they are great people. And we have not -- we don't I don't forgive what happens someday later. I can tell you, I don't --I think you have seen that. I must tell you, I don't mind your question because it happens to be -- I'll get to you in one second. Thank you. I think there's been no greater change other than maybe China because China -- unfortunately, the markets have dropped, would you say 30% in the last four months, right?I think I watched you recently when you said that. I said I think she's wrong, I think it is actually 32%, but that's okay. But a lot. There's been nothing but maybe that. But even that, because China is a very special place.Iran is a very special place, but I think there's been no country that's changed so much as Iran. In the last six months since I took off the horrible Iran nuclear deal as they called it, one of the dumbest deals ever made -- as an example, why didn't they take care of Yemen in the deal? Why didn't they take care of Syria in the deal?You know what Kerry said the reason? It was too complicated. We are giving $150 billion, we paid $108 billion in cash. This room would be filled with $100 bills, and you probably would need five rooms like this. Why didn't we take care of Yemen and Syria. He said because it was too complicated. Well, you just gave all of your cards.You gave them $150 billion and now Yemen is a mess, but it is getting better.Syria is a mess. And I was responsible -- and I hope it stays that way, when I put out on social media a few weeks ago about Idlib Province. I said, don't do it. I'll tell you it happened where I was at a meeting with a lot of supporters and a woman stood up and she said, there is a province in Syria with three million people.Right now the Iranians, the Russians and the Syrians are surrounding that province, and they're going to kill my sister and they're going to kill millions of people in order to get rid of 25,000 or 35,000 terrorists or enemies of theirs, but I think we can call them terrorists. And I said, that's not going to happen.I didn't hear of Idlib Province, and I came back to New York and I picked up the failing New York Times -- I hate to admit it was The New York Times, but it was the failing New York Times, and I opened it up. Not on the front page, but there was a very big story. I said, wow, that's the same story that the woman told me that I found hard to believe because why would -- how would anyone do that with three million people?It said that they were being surrounded and they were going in and starting literally the next day, they were going to drop bombs all over the place and perhaps kill millions of people in order to get 35,000 terrorists.I put out on social media and elsewhere, I gave Mike Pompeo, John Bolton, everybody these orders, don't let it happen. I said, don't let it happen. That doesn't mean they can't be selective, they can't be -- you know, go in. They've got to do what they've got to do with terrorists. I assume they're terrorists, but don't kill millions of people, and it stopped.You saw that. Nobody is going to give me credit, but that's okay. That's okay, because the people know. I have had more Syrians thank me for that. This was about four weeks ago I put that out. I said, they're surrounding a city of three million people, they're going to start bombing don't let it happen.And I meant it, too. I meant it. Millions of people have been saved, and I gave today great credit to Iran -- I don't know if you heard that. I gave great credit to Iran, to Russia and to Syria for not doing it. Now I hope it is going to be surgical, meaning go in and do what's -- it's lengthy and everything else, and they possibly have to do it, but I think millions of people would have been killed and that would have been a shame.Hopefully -- and I have to tell you Turkey has been a big help. Turkey has been great. Turkey has helped us very much with that whole situation.Yes, yes.Good. Thank you very much.It doesn't matter what world leaders think on Iran. Iran is going to come back to me and they're going to make a good deal. I think. Maybe not. Deals, you never know, but they're suffering greatly. They're having riots in every city, far greater than they were during the green period with President Obama.Far greater. When President Obama stuck up for government, not the people, he probably would have had a much different Iran had he not done that. But I'm sticking up for the people. I am with the people of Iran.But here is the thing. They have rampant inflation. Their money is worthless. Everything is going wrong. They have riots in the street. You can't buy bread, you can't do anything. It is a disaster. At some point I think they're going to want to come back and they're going to say, hey, can we do something, and, very simple, I just don't want them to have nuclear weapons, that's all.Is that too much to ask?I don't want them to have nuclear weapons. I want them to have a great economy. I want them to sell oil. I told them, I'm not happy with OPEC. We take care of all of these people, we defend them, they wouldn't be there for two weeks if it wasn't for me and the United States and our much-stronger armed forces than it was, because our armed forces were depleted.We had old equipment.Now we have -- hey, you know better than anybody. 700 billion, 716 billion, we have the most incredible new jets and everything. We need it. Not that I want to spend it, although it is jobs. It is all made in the united States. But Iran has to come back and they have to talk. And I'm not doing this from strength or weakness.I'm just saying at some point I think they're going to have to if you look at what is going on, companies are leaving left and right. Mercedes-Benz just left. They're all leaving. They don't want to be in Iran, because they have a choice. Do they want to be in Iran or do they want to be with us. We picked up $10 trillion since my election.We weren't being caught by China. Now it is going the other way. People can't believe it. People have never seen this situation with China. Everything has always been for 20 years, oh, China is so great, China is so great. You don't hear that so much anymore. I love China. I think they're great. But you don't hear that so much anymore.You know who is great now? We're great now.How about just a couple more. Now, I could be doing this all day long -- I could be doing this all day long. Should we continue for a little it doesn't matter to me. A couple more? I don't care. New York Times, come on. The failing New York Times, stand up. Go ahead. No, I'm talking about The Times is failing, you are far from failing.The Times are very interesting though. The Times, I think they're going to endorse me. I think that ABC -- well, Fox, I like Fox, I really do. But I think ABC, CBS, NBC, The Washington Post, they're all going to endorse me, because if they don't they're all going out of business.I know that.That's fake news, and it was covered that way. Okay. So I said that since my election our economy has become the hottest in the world. Tax reductions, regulations, confidence levels are the highest in 18 years, really soon to be historic. Unemployment is the lowest in the history of our country. You look at black unemployment, you look at Asian unemployment, you look at women, 65 years, the unemployment numbers are among the best we've ever had, ever.The numbers of new companies pouring into our country, which nobody thought was possible -- and I said this and I was in front of a large group of highly professional people, most of whom are from either other countries or the united nations, people that aren't big into clapping, applauding, smiling, and I heard a little rustle as I said our country is now stronger than ever before.It is true. I mean it is true. I heard a little rustle. And I said, it is true. And I heard smiles. I said, I didn't know there would be -- they weren't laughing at me. They were laughing with me. We had fun. That was not laughing at me. So the fake news said, people laughed at president trump. They didn't laugh at me. People had a good time with me. We were doing it together.The United States is respected; the United States was not respected. Everybody was taking advantage of us, from jobs and taking our companies and not paying the price to so many other things, even military protection. I told a number of countries over the last few days, I said, listen, you're a very rich country, we protect you.Without our protection you would have real problems.You would have real problems.I said, you should reimburse us for this protection. Why are we protecting you? You want to know what they said? After about two minutes of talking, they agreed with me. You can ask this group of very talented people. They agreed with me. But they said, one of them said, but, Mr. President, nobody ever asked us for that.They never asked us for that. Nobody has ever said, you should these are really wealthy countries. I mean I will be honest.I just asked Japan, I said, we're defending you, you are a very wealthy country, you are sending us millions of cars, you are making a fortune. We have a tremendous trade deficit with you, and we're defending you and we're subsidizing your military with a massive amount of money. I said it to South Korea.We have 32,000 soldiers in south Korea. They're very wealthy. These are great countries. These are very wealthy countries. I said, why aren't you reimbursing us for our costs? You know what? They look at me and they can't even answer because there's no answer. If they are a poor country and they needed protection and people were going to die, I'm all for protecting them.I don't want $0.10. But when wealthy countries that have massive trade surpluses with us, massive, and then on top of that we're paying for their military or we're paying for a lot of their military, that doesn't work. How about two more and we'll call it.I didn't say that. Why do you say that? Fake news. Did I say why? Can you please explain that? I think you do a good job. I do watch you and I think you do a very good job.I said I look forward to watching her. I do want to hear what she says, and maybe she will say -- I can be convinced of anything. Maybe she will say something, but in the meantime I have to tell you he's one of the highest quality human beings. He is a tremendous man. He's a tremendous -- genius, he is a great intellect.He was, I believe, number one at Yale. Is that a correct statement? Number one in his class at Yale.He was a great student in law. You know, I have heard his name -- I didn't know him. Didn't know him until this whole thing, I didn't know him. But I heard his name for ten years. You know how I heard his name? Everybody was saying, he should be on the Supreme Court. I said, who is he? His name is Brett Kavanaugh, and he should be, he's the most brilliant person, he's the most brilliant lawyer.They were talking about him on the supreme court ten years ago. With all of that, I want to hear what she has to say.Oh, I've had many false statements against me.I've had many false statements against me and if the press would have reported I would be very happy. I think John Roberts would tell you -- you covered the story where the women were paid to say bad things about me. Sean Hannity covered it. I will tell you, when I saw that on Sean Hannity, I actually called him.Believe it or not. I don't speak to him very much, but I respect him, I called him. I said, this is the biggest this is a big, big story. He agreed with me. The next day I picked up the papers, there wasn't one word about it. The next day I watched ABC News, John, I watched NBC, I watched CBS, I didn't watch CNN but next time I'm going to.I watched everything. There wasn't one story other than Fox, and it is a big story. It is a shame. Okay. Enough. Thank you. Thank you.Go ahead. That's enough, please. Good job. Good job.Since you're what?I will let you do it after he does it. Is that okay? I will do that.In honor of a paper I once loved.Go ahead.I do.I would love to make a deal with the Israelis and Palestinians. My whole life I was told it was the toughest deal and I disagree. I think health care is tougher, if you want to know the truth. We are going to get it taken care, we have taken care of a lot of it. I have my whole life heard that the deal between Israel and the Palestinians is the toughest.I think we're going to make a deal. I think we're going to make a deal. So at one of our many meetings today, I was with Bibi Netanyahu, a man who I have a lot of respect for, a man who has been extremely nice to me. We're happy that I did the whole thing with Jerusalem and the embassy -- which, by the way, we got open in four months for less than $500,000 and the budget was over a billion dollars, right.So we saved let's save a billion dollars and it is open and it is beautiful, by the way. Jerusalem stone, one of my favorite stones. I will tell you the question -- somebody said today, well, this is the first news conference in a long time. I said, what do you mean? I did like five today. Every time I sit, I take a lot of questions from people that are screaming like maniacs in the back of the room, meaning one of the reporters -- I won't say it was John Roberts that said that, I refuse, but one of the -- but it was, don't feel guilty, John.But one of the reporters that was screaming asked about the one state/two state. I said, I think the two state will happen.I think it is in one way more difficult because it is a real estate deal because you need meets and bounds and you need lots of carve-outs and everything. It is actually a little tougher deal, but another way it works better because you have people governing themselves. So they asked me about that. I said, well, I think the two state will happen.I think we're going to go down the two-state road, and I'm glad I got it out, and Jared -- who is so involved, he loves Israel. He loves Israel, but he's also going to be very fair with the Palestinians. He understands it takes two people to be happy, two groups of people to be happy. Everybody has to be happy, and that's why it is so tough, because there's been so much hatred and anger for so many years.That's what probably the number one ingredient of toughness is. But they asked me, I said I think it is going to be a two—You know what I did today? By saying that I put it out and if you ask most of the people in Israel, they agree with that, but nobody wanted to say it. It is a big thing to put it out. Now, the bottom line, if the Israelis and the Palestinians want one state, that's okay with me. If they want two states, that's okay with me. I'm happy if they're happy.I'm a facilitator. I want to see if I can get a deal done so that people don't get killed anymore.When we had in Saudi Arabia, we had one of the great conferences in history. Many of you were there, probably all of you were there. It was one of the most beautiful two days, that and China, two of the most incredible events I have ever seen. I have never seen anything like it. And we had, I believe, 58 Muslim countries, the leaders, the kings, the emirs, the absolute leaders from every -- there was nobody in second place.They were the leaders of the whole thing.And unbeknownst to anybody else, people would come up to me individually -- it wasn't a set-up. They would come up to me and say, sir, you can't have peace in the Middle East without peace between Israelis and the Palestinians. I said why? What difference? Why does that matter so much? They said, it just is impossible to make peace in the Middle East unless you have between the — so I heard that from one, the king of Saudi Arabia who is a great guy, King Salman, and then somebody else came up and he wasn't told, oh, go up and say it. I know where they're coming and then somebody else came up and he wasn't told, oh, go up and say it.I know where they're coming I must have had 12 leaders say it, and they just -- and I started to realize that peace between Israel and the Palestinians for the Middle East is a very important thing, and we're trying very hard to get it. I think probably two state is more likely, but you know what? If they do a single, if they do a double, I'm okay with it if they're both happy.If they're both happy, I'm okay with either. I think the two state is more likely. Okay, how about one.Oh, okay.I would have gotten a bad story in The New York Times, but I will anyway so I guess it doesn't matter. We'll do you after and then call it quits.You're doing very well. Say, Thank you, Mr. Trump.I have had very few stories, but some on The New York Times. Now I average about three or four a day, right? Of the three or four, they're all negative. No matter what I do, they're all negative. But you know what? That's okay. I still love the paper. Go ahead.Yes.Right.Right.Doing it to help them.You know what? Doing it to help them.I think that we are able to -- and maybe he's not anymore. I'll be honest with you. I think we had a very good friendship. I think we had a very good relationship. We understand each other. They are doing studies on Donald Trump, they're trying to figure it all out because this has never happened to them before.It has never happened. Think of it. You have never seen, you have covered very well, you have never seen this happen. They're having big problems. I don't want them to have problems, but they have to make a fair deal, just like Canada has to make a fair deal.I believe that he and I have a very good chemistry together, and I can tell you that about many leaders. I can also tell you a few where I don't feel I will ever have a chemistry with them, I don't want to have a chemistry with them, and for those people I will have Pompeo, Nikki, Bolton, Jared, I can go our general, I'll have our general, and if They're having big problems.I don't want them to have problems, but they have to make a fair deal, just like Canada has to make a fair deal. I believe that he and I have a very good chemistry together, and I can tell you that about many leaders. I can also tell you a few where I don't feel I will ever have a chemistry with them, I don't want to have a chemistry with them, and for those people I will have Pompeo, Nikki, Bolton, Jared, I can go our general, I'll have our general, and if they can't do it I'll have Sarah Huckabee do it, right.But for the most part, I have good, very good with prime minister Abe, very good with president moon. By the way, what president moon said last night, I know you won't report it, but Bret Baier interviewed him last night and asked him about me. I can't say because you would say I'm too braggadocious, but what he said about me last night was an unbelievable thing.It couldn't have happened without president trump and it never would happen without president trump and nobody else could do it. I mean you will take a look, but I will tell you, China is very special. Very special. They're incredible people. It is an incredible country. What they've done is unbelievable.And it all started with the WTO. It was a defective deal, and it all started -- without the WTO, China is not China as we know it today. And then it started also by our people that are standing right in this position that are in the oval office -- another way of saying it -- allowed them to get away with murder.Allowed a lot of countries to get away with murder. I think we still probably have a very good relationship, but you know what? In honor of you, I will tomorrow make a call to him. Say, hey, how you doing? Okay.You don't mind paying billions of dollars a month in tariffs.I think it is different. If you look at the Des Moines register, they have ads made to look like editorials saying about, oh, you got to stop trump, you got to stop him, you got to vote against him.My farmers are so good. These are patriots. You know, on a network that doesn't like me very much -- which is most of them -- but a network that didn't -- doesn't really treat me very good, they interviewed farmers. And they got hurt because, you know, all of a sudden China stops buying -- by the way, they started buying again, I don't know if you noticed.Soybeans are going up and things are going up, and we've had very little hurt from what I have done. In fact, the markets have gone up and the farmers are going to do great. But ultimately. But they had farmers, and these guys are amazing. I love them. They voted for me and they love me. They said, we don't care if we get hurt, he's doing the right you know, a lot of people, it is a complex game.A lot of people don't know exactly what it is. They don't know how to define tariff. They don't know it is really different than a tax, although it is getting close. But they know that for the first time in many, many years they have a president that's fighting for them, that's not letting their jobs be taken to other countries, that's not allowing the kind of abuse that we -- I mean when you look at what happened as an example with NAFTA, and for years because it was never changed, NAFTA was a defective deal the day it was signed.You know why? Because they had a VAT tax of 17% and nobody from this country knew that. By the time they found out, which was about a week later, nobody went and changed it. So you went many years and they never changed it. There was a VAT tax that Mexico got. So we were 17 points or 16 points behind before we even started.NAFTA was a horrible thing. So the farmers and, by the way, the steelworkers -- you know, I stopped the dumping. The dumping was horrible. Now if they want to dump, that's okay, but they've got to pay the United States of America 25% on everything they dump. That's okay. But as I told you before, steel is doing phenomenally well.But the farmers say, this man's fighting for us. No president has ever fought for us before.You really have to study what has happened over the 15 years with the farmers. The farmers have been decimated over a 15-year period. They've been decimated. The farmers are going to come out great. These are great people. They're great, great patriots. I think we should finish with that one. Is that okay?Go ahead. Let's go. Fast.I always like to finish with a good one. Elton John said, when you hit that last tune and it is good, don't go back.I've seen -- have you ever seen? They're great. They had the last tune and everyone goes crazy, then they go back for an encore and they don't hit it and they leave. Everyone leaves and says it wasn't a good concert. Let's go.Don't make me wrong.Say again?It is a very big culturalIt is a very good question. It is a big moment for our country because you have a man who is very outstanding but he has very strong charges against him. Probably charges that nobody is going to be able to be -- to prove. So I could have you chosen for a position, I could have you or you or you, anybody, and somebody could say things, and it has happened to me many times.Where false statements are made and, honestly, nobody knows who to believe. I could pick another supreme court judge, justice. I could pick another one, another one, another one.This could go on forever. Somebody could come and say, 30 years ago, 25 years ago, ten years ago, five years ago, he did a horrible thing to me. He did this, he did that, he did that. Honestly, it is a very dangerous period in our country, and it is being perpetrated by some very evil people. Some of them are Democrats, I must say, because some of them know that this is just a game that they're playing.It is a con game. It is at the highest level. We're talking about the United States Supreme Court. This can go on forever. I can pick five other people.At a certain point the people are going to say, no, thank you. This is the most coveted job probably in the world. And you know what? I would honestly say, because I interviewed great people for he's great. But I interviewed other great people for this job. I could conceivably imagine going to one of them and saying, it is too bad what happened to this wonderful man, but I'm going to choose you number two.I want you to go. And I could conceivably be turned down by somebody that desperately wanted this job two months ago.So this is beyond Supreme --There's nothing beyond Supreme Court. This is beyond Supreme Court. This has everything to do with our country. When you are guilty until proven innocent, it is just not supposed to be that way. Always I heard you are innocent until proven guilty. I have heard this for so long, and it is such a beautiful phrase.In this case you are guilty until proven innocent. I think that is a very, very dangerous standard for our country. With that being said, I look forward to what she has to say. I also look very forward to what Judge Kavanaugh has to say. I think it is going to be a very, very important day in the history of our country.I want to thank you all. We'll do it again.If I had time, I would. I mean, to be honest with you, he has to straighten it out. He's got to be -- he's got to act a lot more humanely. The people are suffering tremendously in Venezuela. There's no reason for this. So I would certainly be open to it. I'm willing to meet with anybody. Anytime I can save lives and help people -- if it's one life, I’m certainly willing to meet.Who?I just want to see Venezuela straightened out. I want the people to be safe. We're going to take care of Venezuela. Okay? We're going to take care of Venezuela. What's happening in Venezuela is a disgrace. If he's here, if he wants to meet -- I don't know. It was not on my mind. It is not on my plate. But if I can help people, that's what I'm here for.Our allies are in no trouble. We're with our allies. Our allies -- we are with our allies 100 percent. They have no problem. We met yesterday with Colombia. We had a great meeting with Colombia. And we've met with numerous others of our allies and they are absolutely in no trouble.I don't know. I look forward to meeting him again. But I -- we don't have anything set, but I look forward to meeting him again.Say it.A lot of good things are happening.We are denuclearizing North Korea. We have a wonderful relationship going between our country and them. We're being helped a lot by Japan, and very much by President Moon of South Korea. And North Korea -- it’s going along very well. We really have had a tremendous amount of progress since this time last year.All options are on the table. Every one. Strong ones and the less-than-strong ones. Every option -- and you know what I mean by “strong.” Every option is on the table, with respect to Venezuela. We're going to take care of the people of Venezuela. We have many Venezuelans living in the United States. Many of them live in the Doral area of Miami. I've gotten to know them very well. These are great, great people. We're going to take care of those people. Okay?Chairman Kim wants good things to happen for North Korea. And good things are happening with respect to North Korea. And it's going to be great for Chairman Kim and great for the people of North Korea. And that's what we're all about.A very good relationship with -- as you know, with Prime Minister Abe. He was in my apartment just the other day in Trump Tower. We had a very long, couple-of-hour discussion. He loves his country. He had a tremendous victory in the election, as you know, which I was very happy about. I don't know if you're supposed to endorse somebody or not, but I endorsed him and I will endorse him again. He's a great gentleman and a great man, and a person who is a great leader for Japan. We have other things to discuss. I think more than anything else, we'll be discussing trade.I'll be meeting with Chairman Kim in the very near future. It will be announced. We'll announce it. In fact, we're having a press conference today. We'll start talking about that. But we'll be announcing where and when in the very near future.Yes.They're going to announce it in about an hour. You should be there. She's got a press conference in one hour. You should be there. They're announcing she's going to four countries in Africa.They'll be announcing it in about an hour, exactly. She's going to be making the announcement, which is much more exciting when -- than when I make an announcement. So she'll be announcing she's making a big trip to Africa. We both love Africa. Africa is so beautiful. The most beautiful part of the world, in many ways.Just let me -- let me just say that she's having a news conference in a very short period of time. She'll be announcing exactly where she's going, and I hope you're going to be there.You'll see in about an hour.Well, I think the Senate -- the Republicans could not be nicer than the way they're handling this. They could have pushed it through two and a half weeks ago, and you wouldn't be talking about it right now -- which is, frankly, what I would have preferred. But they didn't do that. The Republicans could not be nicer, could not be more respectful to the process, certainly could not be more respectful to the woman, and I'm okay with that. I think I might have pushed it forward a lot faster. But I'll tell you what, I know -- I know this particular man -- Judge Kavanaugh. He's outstanding. You don't find people like this. He's outstanding. He's a gem. He's an absolute gem. And he's been treated very unfairly by the Democrats who are playing a con game. They know what they're doing. It's a con. They go into a backroom, and they talk with each other and they laugh at what they're getting away with. It's a con game, and that's what they play. And that's about the only thing they do well. Thank you very much.Iran has acted very badly. We are doing many things right now, including sanctions at a very massive level. One of the highest levels we've ever done. Iran has to change its tune before I meet with them.They want to meet. I'm not meeting with them until they change their tune. It will happen. I believe they have no choice. We look forward to having a great relationship with Iran. But it won't happen now.We're in the process of setting up a meeting with North Korea, Chairman Kim has been dealing with us, and we have made tremendous progress -- far greater than the media would understand or know. It has been, really, a very good relationship.As you know, there have been no tests, no nuclear tests, no rockets, no missile launches, and we got our hostages back. We're getting the remains of our great heroes back, and that's already started, that process and many more are coming in the very short future.So we're doing very well with North Korea. Again, far greater than anybody would know. I have much personal correspondence with Chairman Kim, and we will, I think, we'll do something that's good for Chairman Kim, and good for North Korea, and also good for the rest of the world.I'm meeting with Rod Rosenstein on Thursday. Today, I'm doing other things, as you probably agree.Venezuela is a very sad case, and we want to see it fixed. What's happening there is a human tragedy, okay?We're going to North Carolina. We'll then be heading to South Carolina. We're doing very well there, but the rivers are cresting. They're just starting to crest. We're really just going to say hello to all of the folks from FEMA, the military, the people that are working so hard. And I think it will be an incredible day. We'll be coming back at about six or seven tonight.Say it?Well, it would seem that the FBI really doesn't do that. They've investigated about six times before, and it seems that they don't do that.Well, I would let the senators take their course. Let the senators do it. They're doing a very good job. They've given tremendous amounts of time. They've already postponed a major hearing. And, really, they're hurting somebody's life very badly.And it's very unfair, I think, to -- as you know, Justice Kavanaugh has been treated very, very tough, and his family. I think it's a very unfair thing what's going. So we'll see. But I do think this: They've given it a lot of time. They will continue to give it a lot of time. And, really, it's up to the Senate, and I really rely on them. I think they're going to do a good job.I'd really want to see her. I really would want to see what she has to say. But I want to give it all the time they need. They've already given it time. They've delayed a major hearing. There's no more just about -- look, when I first decided to run, everybody said the single most important thing you do is a Supreme Court justice, okay? We've all heard that many times about a President.I would say this: I think he's an extraordinary man. I think he's a man of great intellect, as I've been telling you. And he has an unblemished record. This is a very tough thing for him and his family. And we want to get it over with. At the same time, we want to give tremendous amounts of time. If she shows up, that would be wonderful. If she doesn't show up, that would be unfortunate.I'm disappointed in the Attorney General for numerous reasons. But we have an Attorney General. I'm disappointed in the Attorney General for many reasons. And you understand that.We are looking at lots of different things. I have a great Cabinet. We have the greatest economy ever in the history of our country. So we're very happy with the way things are running, generally speaking. I don't think we've ever had an economy like this. Somebody was on just this morning, from Reagan -- from the Reagan White House. He said this is one of the great economies in history. So we're very happy.I can't hear you.Well, the FBI has been very involved with respect to Justice Kavanaugh. They know Justice Kavanaugh very well. They've investigated him, I guess, six times. And they've investigated him for this hearing.Look, if she shows up and makes a credible showing, that will be very interesting and we'll have to make a decision. But I can only say this: He is such an outstanding man. Very hard for me to imagine that anything happened.We had very good news from North Korea, South Korea. They met, and we had some great responses. I got a tremendous letter from Kim Jong-un. As you know, it was delivered three days ago. We're making tremendous progress with respect to North Korea.Prior to becoming President, it looked like we were going to war with North Korea, and now we have a lot of progress. We've gotten our prisoners back. We're getting our remains back. They continue to come in. A lot of tremendous things.But very importantly, no missile testing, no nuclear testing. Now they want to go and put a bid in for the Olympics. No, we have a lot of very good things going.Remember this: Prior to my coming into office, a lot of people thought we were going -- it was inevitable -- we were going to war in North Korea. And now we're -- the relationships, I have to tell you, at least on a personal basis, they're very good. It's very much calmed down.Well, we'll see what he's looking at. We'll see. But in the meantime, we're talking. It's very calm. He's calm; I'm calm. So we'll see what happens.No, I'm not.I'm not. Because if he's honest -- and he is -- I think he's going to tell -- as long he tells the truth, it's 100 percent. He was with Ronald Reagan. He was with Bob Dole. He was with McCain. He was with many, many people. That's what he did.Paul Manafort was with me for a short period of time. He did a good job. I was very happy with the job he did. And I will tell you this: I believe that he will tell the truth. And if he tells the truth, no problem.I don't want to talk about it now.Because we want to be able to take what we can handle.Well, I'd have to see what she has to say. I've given her a lot of time. The senators have given her a lot of time. We continue to give her a lot of time. We've held up the whole hearing.What I don't like is that Senator Feinstein had this letter for a period of like three months, from July, maybe even before that -- but from July. Why didn't Senator Feinstein bring this up at her meeting with Judge Kavanaugh? Why didn't the Democrats -- they knew about the letter, because she was showing it to Democrats -- why did they wait until everything was finished and then bring it up? That doesn't look good.Thank you very much. I'll see you in North Carolina.We will be.Thank you very much. Please, sit down. Today, I'm very honored to host the President of Poland, a friend of mine, President Duda, and Mrs. Duda. Thank you very much for being here. Great honor.It's lovely to have you at the White House. We spent some time in the Oval Office, and we accomplished a lot. Melania and I are deeply grateful for the incredible welcome the President and Mrs. Duda gave us in Warsaw, Poland last year. It was a very exceptional day. Extraordinary. It's wonderful to have them both with us in Washington today. Thank you very much, Mr. President.During my visit last summer, I had the privilege to stand before the monument to the Warsaw Uprising and address the people of Poland about our shared commitment to defending our heritage and our civilization. It was an experience I will always treasure and I will never, ever forget.Not far from where we stand today, another monument in another square -- the statue of General Kosciuszko in Lafayette Park -- reminds us that the bonds between our people go all the way back to America's Revolutionary War.This year, the United States and Poland are celebrating 100 years of Poland regaining its independence and nearly 100 years of U.S.-Polish diplomatic ties. It's a long time. I'm thrilled to say that the alliance between our nations has never been stronger with you and I at the helm. Do you agree with that?Thank you, Mr. President. I'm glad he said yes. [Laughter]In our discussions this afternoon, President Duda and I agreed to bolster our robust defense ties. We will enhance cooperation in military relations, intelligence, missile defense, technology and training.I'm proud to report that Poland has recently purchased a state-of-the-art Patriot missile system -- which is a great system. We make the greatest military equipment by far, anywhere in the world. And it's made right here in the USA.We are grateful for Poland's leadership on defense spending and burden sharing in NATO. I want to commend Poland for meeting its NATO defense-spending obligations, and I am glad that it plans to increase spending beyond the 2 percent minimum obligation. Thank you very much for that.I'd like to share my gratitude to the people of Poland for their contributions to NATO's Resolute Support Mission in Afghanistan and the coalition to defeat ISIS. We've made tremendous progress with respect to the defeat of ISIS, as you've seen.We also understand that you can't have national security without border security. Both Poland and the United States understand that strong nations must have very strong borders.The President and I likewise are exploring opportunities to advance energy security. The United States and Poland are deeply committed to energy diversity all across Europe. No nation should be dependent upon a single foreign supplier of energy.Poland has worked tirelessly to increase energy independence nationally and across Central Europe. It is constructing a new pipeline -- the highest technology -- from Norway to Poland, and it recently built a liquefied natural gas import facility. Last year, the United States was proud to send its first export of LNG to Poland, and soon, our nations will launch a high-level diplomatic exchange on energy security.And, Mr. President, we are now, as of a few months ago, the largest producer of energy in the world. So that was -- that's a big statement.President Duda, I also just want to talk to you about the Three Seas Summit, where Central European leaders were working hard to increase energy market access, reduce energy trade barriers -- which is something we have to get done with respect to the European Union; the trade barriers, they make it very difficult for the United States -- and to strengthen energy independence. The United States firmly supports these goals, and we are eager to expand commercial ties all across the region of Europe.In our meeting today, the President and I discussed our bilateral economic relationship at length. Poland has experienced more than a quarter century of uninterrupted economic growth -- which is a very big statement; very few can say that. And we look forward to further enhancing trade, investment, and commerce between our two great nations.My administration is committed to realizing a future of prosperity and opportunity for all Americans. This month, we celebrated the highest employment level in U.S. history. We are right now employing more people. We have more workers in the United States than at any time ever in U.S. history. I look forward to partnering with President Duda as we grow our economies together.Mr. President, thank you for joining me today. Poland has chosen its place among the free and independent nations of the world and as a loyal ally and strategic partner of the United States. And we greatly appreciate that.We welcome the next 100 years of friendship between our two nations. Mr. President, thank you very much. Thank you.Thank you. A tremendous amount of LNG will be exported to Poland. We're giving them a pretty good price, but they're buying a lot of it, and that's going to be great.I do want to say that, while we're together, tremendous effort and bravery is being shown in North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, and the area that was so horribly hit by Hurricane Florence. I just got some clips of some of the things that the Coast Guard is doing and getting people to safety in horrible, horrible conditions.And I want to just salute all of the people that are working so hard: the first responders, law enforcement, the military, FEMA. The job they're doing is incredible. It's incredible. So I just want to thank them very much.And I think what we'll do is we'll take our first question from Emerald Robinson of One America News. Emerald?Well, I just heard about the incident you have mentioned, Emerald, and it sounds to me and it seems to me, just like based on a review of the facts, that Syria shot down a Russian plane. And I understand about 14 people were killed, at least. And that's a very sad thing. But that's what happens. But Syria -- according to early reports; that's subject to change -- but that Syria shot down a Russian plane. So that's not a good situation.We have done a tremendous job in Syria and in that region eradicating ISIS, which is why we're there. And we're very close to being finished with that job, and then we're going to make a determination as to what we're going to do. But we have eradicated ISIS in a very large area of the Middle East. These are people that will not be coming here because they're not around any longer. So we've done in a very short period of time.Our Vice President is here, Mike Pence. Our great Secretary of State -- really, thank you very much for the great job you're doing -- Mike Pompeo. And we've been working very hard on this. And they've done an incredible job over there, but we'll make a decision fairly quickly.Thank you very much. Would you have a question for the President?And I think it should be pointed out that the President also said, and he also said it publicly, that he would pay the United States -- meaning Poland would be paying billions of dollars for a base. And we're looking at that more and more from the standpoint of defending really wealthy countries and not being reimbursed, paid.It's one thing when we defend countries that can't defend themselves and their great people. And we should help them; we don't expect anything for that. But when we're defending immensely wealthy countries and they're not paying for the defense to the United States, they're only taking advantage of us. And we are in discussions with numerous countries, all of whom you know, about payment. Payment. And we get along with them very well, but it's not fair. That includes NATO.As you know, I got $44 billion additional last year, where they paid an additional -- you can speak to Secretary General Stoltenberg, who is the head of NATO, and he said he's never seen anything like it. And this year we did even better.But when a country is very wealthy, and when the United States has been protecting them for many years at tremendous cost -- cost like nobody in this room would believe -- it's time that they help with, we call it, "burden sharing." And they will do that.But the President offered us much more than $2 billion to do this, and so we're looking at it. We're looking at it from the standpoint of, number one, military protection for both countries, and also cost -- a term you don't hear too often and you haven't heard too often over the last 25 years. But that's the way it has to be. Thank you very much. Would you like to have a question, please?I do. I actually do. I think it's a very aggressive situation. I think Russia has acted aggressively. They respect force. They respect strength, as anyone does. And we have the greatest strength in the world -- especially now. We were being depleted under the last administration. We had planes that were old and tired, and didn't fly, in some cases. They were getting used parts. This is the United States; it doesn't happen. We make the greatest planes in the world, and missiles in the world.And we have enhanced, to put it mildly, our military. It's literally being rebuilt, as we speak, with literally hundreds and hundreds of planes and missiles, and everything that you can imagine. They never had it so good because I got, in Congress, $700 billion this year; $716 billion last year. That's far more than they ever anticipated.I viewed it two ways. Number one, military -- because it's always more important than anything else, including jobs. But number two is jobs. We make everything here. So it's hundreds of thousands of jobs to make for us the best military in the world. And Russia respects that. They respect that.So I am with the President. I feel that he's right. And I feel that, look, you look at the history of Poland and Russia -- that's a long and very complicated history. So certainly has a right to feel that way. Okay?Jon Decker of Fox, please.It wouldn't bother me, other than the FBI, Jon, said that they really don't do that; that's not what they do. Now, they have done, supposedly, six background checks over the years, as Judge Kavanaugh has gone beautifully up a ladder. He's an incredible individual. Great intellect, great judge. Impeccable history in every way -- in every way.I feel so badly for him that he's going through this, to be honest with you. I feel so badly for him. This is not a man that deserves this. This should have been brought to the fore. It should have been brought up long ago. And that's what you have hearings for. You don't wait until the hearing is over and then, all of a sudden, bring it up.When Senator Feinstein sat with Judge Kavanaugh for a long period of time -- a long, long meeting -- she had this letter. Why didn't she bring it up? Why didn't she bring it up then? Why didn't the Democrats bring it up then? Because they obstruct and because they resist. That's the name of their campaign against me. They just resist and they just obstruct. And, frankly, I think they're lousy on policy, and in many ways, they're lousy politicians. But they're very good on obstruction. And it's shame, because this is a great gentleman.With all of that, I feel that the Republicans -- and I can speak for myself -- we should go through a process, because there shouldn't even be a little doubt. There shouldn't be a doubt. Again, they knew what they were doing. They should have done this a long time ago -- three months ago -- not now. But they did it now. So I don't want to play into their hands.Hopefully, the woman will come forward, state her case. He will state his case before representatives of the United States Senate. And then they will vote. They will look at his career. They will look at what she had to say from 36 years ago. And we will see what happens.But I just think he is at a level that we rarely see not only in government, anywhere in life. And honestly, I feel terribly for him, for his wife, who is an incredible, lovely woman, and for his beautiful young daughters. I feel terribly for them.Well, we just started. We didn't do anything with respect to China because we wanted to have the benefit of China having to do with North Korea. And they have been helpful. I hope they're still helpful; there's a question about that. But it got to a point where the numbers were too big. This should have been done for the last 20 years.If you look at the WTO, the World Trade Organization, that's when China really happened, economically. That's -- it was like a rocket ship, because they took advantage of the rules of the WTO. And whoever was standing at this podium in this incredible White House, in the Oval Office, they should have done something about this long ago.Over the last number of years, China has taken out of this country $500 billion and more -- a year. $500 billion. That would go a long way for Poland, wouldn't it? You could rebuild your whole country. And that's what China did. They rebuilt their country with tremendous amounts of money pouring out of the United States. And I've changed that around. And if you look at what's going on, our market is going up like a rocket ship. I don't want their market to go down, but their market is down 32 percent in three months. Because we can't let them do anymore what they've done.And I watch trade deficits, because to me, deficits are very important. They're not everything, and they're not exact. Sometimes you can have, you know, a deficit, and that's not such a bad thing. But when you have $375 billion in trade deficits, and then many billions of dollars in other liabilities of all different types, you have to do something about it.We are the piggybank to the world. We have been ripped off by China. We've been ripped off by -- excuse me, Mr. President -- the European Union, of which you're a part of. [Laughter] We've been ripped off by everybody. And I want to protect the American worker, the American farmer, the ranchers, the companies. And we're not being ripped off, you will see, in a little while.Speaking of that, we've come to a conclusion with Mexico. We have a wonderful deal for both parties. It was a very one-sided deal. Now it's a good deal for both parties. Very happy with it.The new President had conversation and it was terrific. I think we're going to have a very good relationship. We'll see. We'll see. We want help on the border because we have the worst immigration laws in the history of mankind or womankind. We have horrible, horrible immigration laws, so we want help.But we've come to a conclusion with Mexico. Canada has taken advantage of our country for a long time. We love Canada. We love it. Love the people of Canada. But they are in a position that's not a good position for Canada. They cannot continue to charge us 300 percent tariff on dairy products, and that's what they're doing.So this is a process. It takes a little time. The European Union wouldn't talk to us. They wouldn't talk to President Obama. Wouldn't even talk to him. And then I said, "That's okay, you don't have to talk to me." Jean-Claude is a tough man. He's a very good man. I like him, but he's tough. He's nasty. [Laughter] The kind of guy I want negotiating for me. But he's a tough, tough cookie. And I said to him, "We have to renegotiate the deal." He said, "But, Mr. President, we are very happy with the deal. We don't want to negotiate." I said, "You may be happy with the deal, but I'm not happy with the deal.And he didn't want to renegotiate. And after three times, he still didn't want to renegotiate. I said, "That's okay, we don't have to renegotiate any longer. We're going to put a tariff on all of the millions of cars you send into the United States." And honestly, he was in my office so quickly, from Europe, that I didn't know they had airplanes that flew that fast. I said, "Where did you find this plane?"And we have the semblance of a deal. Because it's, to a large extent, economically all about cars. Cars are a very big factor. And they send millions of BMWs and Mercedes into our country.So we are working on trade very hard. It's very important to me. It has been for 30 years. I've been saying for 30 years. It started with Japan. I talked about Japan; I was right. I talked about China; I was right. It's what I do. And I like doing it.But I like doing it for the people because our country has been abused and taken advantage of by virtually every country that it does business with. And we're just not letting that happen anymore. And that includes what I said previously about the military. Please.The trade deal with South Korea has been fully renegotiated and is ready for signature. We may sign it at the United Nations or shortly thereafter. That was a terrible deal for the United States. Now it's a fair deal. But that's been fully renegotiated, in addition to Mexico and some of the others that are very close. Thank you very much, everybody. We appreciate it. Thank you.[In Progress] Are you good? I heard your voice yesterday. It's a moving -- it's a powerful, moving voice.It was under a wing and you can't -- you can't miss it. Did you like it last night?I think it's going really well. It's going really well.We're looking at $200 billion more, if you know that. It's in the hopper. We'll see what happens. Today's report was fantastic. And something really great for our country: Wages up 2.9. Nobody has seen that in a long time. The wage situation is incredible. That was an incredible report. Over 200,000 -- the number. Over 200,000, and 2.9 percent up in wages.That was a fantastic story, a story that has not been told in a long time. That's what I've been trying to get to. That, to me, is one of the most important things -- not for Wall Street, but for the people and the country.Canada is moving along. We'll see what happens. Mexico is a done deal. We're just [Inaudible] it. Canada is moving along. And we'll see what happens.I mean, look, everybody wants to deal with us. We never had a President that dealt, because they didn't know how to deal, frankly. And these deals that were made -- NAFTA was one of the worst trade deals ever in history. World Trade Organization deal, that's the -- that goes down -- to me, that goes down as the number one.But the second-worst trade deal ever made was NAFTA. And we're making it -- actually, taking it out of NAFTA, doing a brand new trade deal. It's not NAFTA any longer. But we're making a fair deal to the people of the United States. We lost so many jobs. We lost millions of jobs with NAFTA. We lost so much. And the farmers have done very poorly with NAFTA. So we're opening up markets and we're making new deals.And now, let's see what happens with Canada. We'll probably know over the next two days.Well, I think it's a disgrace that somebody can do that. And I think it's more disgraceful that the New York Times would do it. But that somebody is allowed to do that is -- it's very sad commentaryI will say -- just in watching this morning, briefly -- so many people that never said a good thing about me are now saying that should never happen. They've actually gone to my side. I think it's reverberating in a very different way.Because, you know -- you know, one of the problems is this: I don't mind criticism. I handle it and I fight back, I guess you've noticed over the years. But here's criticism where you can't fight back because you have somebody doing it anonymously. Doesn't seem to be anybody very high up, because everybody very high up has already said, "It wasn't me." It would be very hard if it was, and they got caught, to make the statements that they've made.But I will say -- I will say this: For somebody to do that is very low, and, I think, journalistically, and from many different standpoints, and maybe even from the standpoint of national security. We'll find out about that. For the New York Times to allow that to happen is disgraceful.Because you don't know who it is, therefore you really have a one-way conversation. And I don't want it. So I can say that Woodward -- Woodward's book is a total fraud. Which it is, it's a total fraud. I don't talk that way. You people know me, I don't talk that way. I can't get up and talk in front of a crowd -- many times without notes -- for an hour and twenty-five minutes and get the biggest crowds in the history of politics.Because this is not like what you saw last night -- that place was packed. And you're in Billings. And all over the country, you don't see an empty seat. You don't get up and do that because you don't know how to think or talk. You can only do that if you're at a very, very high level.So, the book that was written was fiction. I don't speak that way. I'm highly educated and always did well. Always did well, no matter what I did. Whether I was in show business -- I was in show business. I had "The Apprentice." It was one of the top shows on television. No matter what I did -- before that, I was a businessman. I was great at business. And then I tried politics. And I started off as President, and guess what happened? I won.The book was just total fiction. Disappointing, but when I went I went back and did research on Woodward after the book -- I guess it comes out soon -- I did a little research; Bush had the same problems, and Obama had the same problems [Inaudible].But that book was total nonsense. And when General Mattis and General Kelly and Sarah and everybody else come out and totally disavow everything that they said in the book -- and others too, by the way -- you see the list of people -- it's hard to believe you can allow somebody to get away with it.And frankly, I'll say it again: Our libel laws should be tough enough so you can't do that. Our libel laws are pathetic. Our libel laws should be toughened up, so if somebody writes things that are fraudulent and false, they get sued and they lose. We should do that.I think so, because I think it's national security. Yeah. I would say Jeff should be investigating who the author of that piece was because I really believe it's national security.Well, we're going to see. I'm looking at that right now.It only happened yesterday, right? But I'm looking. I am looking.We're going to take a look at what he had, what he gave, what he's talking about -- also where he is right now. Supposing I have a high-level national security meeting, and he has got a clearance -- I know we talked about clearances a lot, recently -- and he goes into a high-level meeting concerning China or Russia or North Korea or something, and this guy goes in. I don't want him at those meetings. So, we're going to see what happens. We're looking at it very strongly from a legal standpoint.By the way, yesterday was a very interesting statement, as you saw, from North Korea. Had a very positive statement. Unfortunately, you know, people don't cover it or you only cover the negative statements. But that was a very positive statement, what he said about me. And also what he said about -- he wants to denuclearize during the Trump, you know, administration.That was a very positive -- there's never been a more positive statement coming out of North Korea. And honestly, I didn't see it on the front page of your papers.Well, let me just tell you, David. Number one, there is no obstruction. Number two --Wait, wait, wait. Listen. Because everybody that looked at anybody over there, they get them on some kind of a lie. I see Papadopoulos, today, is going to -- I don't know Papadopoulos. I don't know him. I saw him sitting, in one picture, at a table with me. That's the -- that's the only thing I know about him. I don't know him. But they got him on -- I guess, a couple of lies, is what they're saying.Flynn -- where the FBI said he didn't lie, but Mueller's people said he did lie. So, I don't want to be set up with a perjury trap, number one. Number two, there was no obstruction and there was no collusion.Now, one of the things that was interesting about this ridiculous book: He hardly covered collusion at all. Now that's his business, covering that kind of a thing. In fact, I figured it was going to be some kind of a fictitious book having to do with collusion. But there was none.There was no talking to Russia. There was no phone calls. I didn't make phone calls to Russia. I didn't receive phone calls. I didn't have meetings. I didn't have texts. I didn't have anything. I've nothing to do with Russia. Nothing to do with Russia.So -- so I think that if we're going to meet, it's got to be a fair meeting. Remember this: Article 2. Number one, you have Article 2 provision. That covers everything. But despite Article 2, there was no obstruction and there was no collusion.Now, they've practically found that there is no collusion. They've given up -- everybody has given up on collusion because I didn't meet with Russians because I love the United States. I didn't meet with Russians. Frankly, I was focused on the campaign. And, you know, if I met with Russians, you know who would have found out? You people would have found out because you know everything I'm doing. You don't always report it correctly, but that's okay. I'm used to it.But -- didn't meet with the Russians, had nothing to do with Russians. There is no collusion. And the interesting thing about the book -- I figured it'd have chapters of nonsense -- he couldn't find anything about collusion. In that big, fat, ugly book, with all the misquotes and all the lies, he didn't have about collusion.Yeah, I mean, I'd do it under certain circumstances. I think it's a big waste of time because there was no collusion.Honestly, it's such -- it's such a sad thing for our country to be going through a witch hunt like that. It's so hard for us to deal with other countries, including Russia, because of that witch hunt. It endangers our country. It really endangers our country. It puts us at a big disadvantage all because of the rigged, phony witch hunt.Now, you have 17 angry Democrats. Now they're making it smaller. I guess they've -- they've given up on the collusion stuff. But it's -- and you have people that are highly conflicted, highly conflicted. Why don't we have some Republicans on it?It is -- it is so -- it is so egregious, when you look at all of these Democrats, people that were top of the line, people that were at Hillary Clinton's -- I call it "Hillary Clinton's funeral." That was the night she lost the election. It was a funeral. It was a wake.People that are on Mueller's team were there, crying. They were crying as she lost. What kind of -- what kind of a probe is that? Now, that -- all that being said, I must tell you, again, I'm not the target of an investigation. You do know that. Nobody wants to put that. I'm not the target of an investigation.But still, it's not right. When you have people that go to her victory party-slash-funeral, and you have those people looking at anybody having to with it, I think it's very unfair.With that being said, we have to get it over with. It's really bad for the country. It's really unfair for our midterms. Really, really unfair for the midterms. This thing should have been over with a long time ago.I watched Jim [John] Dowd -- a very good guy, a very good lawyer -- and he was devastated because he thought -- and he kept giving me dates -- he thought this would be over. And he's a -- he's a great lawyer. He thought this would have been over many months ago, and he was devastated by it.No, I -- he never took -- he never took a memo off my --Gary Cohn, if he ever took a memo on my desk off of my desk, I would have fired him in two seconds. He would have been fired so fast. Gary Cohn never took a memo off my desk. If he did, he would have been fired within the first second that it took place.Now, let me just -- let me just say --Let me just tell you, the deal that you're talking about is the South Korea deal. I completed the deal after Gary Cohn left. It's completed. We're probably going to sign at United Nations week, in a couple of weeks.But the deal is completed. It was a horrible trade deal made by Hillary Clinton that was supposed to give us 150- to 200,000 jobs. And she was right, it did give 150- to 200,000 jobs. You know where it gave them? To South Korea. Okay? It was a horrible deal.I terminated the deal. I made a new deal. It's a great deal. We like it. Now it's a great deal. It went from a bad deal to a -- really, a good deal. I did that not because of Gary Cohn; I did that because of me.I'm working on Canada now. You know, people can say, oh, I'm too tough on Canada. Look, Canada has been ripping us off for a long time. And now, they've got to treat us fairly. I don't want to do anything bad to Canada. I can; all I have to do is tax their cars. It would be devastating. If I taxed cars coming in from Canada, it would be devastating. But I don't want to do that.But we want to make a fair deal. I do use that as leverage in negotiating. When they don't want to give us a point, I say, "That's okay. I'd rather tax your cars coming in." And I win a lot of points because of it. But I will say, the deal -- that phony story about Gary Cohn -- if he did that, I'd never speak to him again. I'd never speak to him again.Yeah.I don't know. I know that a letter is being delivered to me -- a personal letter from Kim Jong Un to me -- that was handed at the border. I don't know if you know that, but it was handed at the border yesterday.It's being delivered -- it's actually an elegant way; it's the way it used to be many years ago before we had all of the new contraptions that we all use. But a letter is being delivered to me, and I think it's going to be a positive letter.But we have to -- we have to start -- Steve, we have to start that process. Look, on North Korea -- it's very interesting. It started off very rough. I said it last night -- you were at the speech. I said, "They thought everybody" -- from -- you people thought I was too rough. Too rough, too tough, too horrible -- it's horrible. It worked out great.In the meantime, we have our hostages back. I've said a hundred times: no missiles, no rockets, no nuclear testing. There's been some rhetoric, but let's see what happens. Although the rhetoric between myself and him has been very good. But he said, "I have a respect for Trump. I have respect for President Trump." Yesterday, he said, "I want to make this deal and denuclearize during President Trump's administration."So let's see what happens. But he did write me a letter, and the letter is being delivered to me. Probably I'll have it -- I think it's being brought in by Mike Pompeo -- who, by the way, is doing a fantastic job.I said something at the -- well, I haven't spoken to him.I said -- so one of my best --One of my best meetings was with President Putin of Russia. And I got -- not -- the press treated it very unfairly. My best meeting was probably NATO because they're putting up hundreds of billions of dollars that they never would have put up. But one of my best meetings was with Putin. Yeah, I said it very strongly. But I'll tell you, I also said it to China, and I say it to other countries.You know, China, right now, is a far bigger problem. You do understand that.Nobody ever talks about that. China is a far bigger problem. I'm being strong on China because I have to be. They're taking $500 billion out a year. Can't let that happen. Nobody has ever done what I've done. And the $200 billion we're talking about could take place very soon, depending on what happens with them. To a certain extent, it's going to be up to China.But we've taxed them $50 billion -- that's on technology. Now, we've added another $200 billion. And I hate to say this, but, behind that, there's another $267 billion ready to go on short notice, if I want. That totally changes the equation. I say "off the record," but you can use it if you want. But off the record, China is down 25 percent.We are up, since my election, almost 50 percent. We're up almost 50 percent. Some markets are up more than that -- we look at NASDAQ.People have suggested it. Rand Paul -- who I like and respect -- came out this morning. He said, "Have them take lie detector tests." You know, a lot of people have said, "I didn't do it." They wrote, actually, very strong statements.Almost -- that I see -- almost all of the high-level people have said that. You know, when you say that, and then, if it were you, you'd be done for the rest of your life. So it's very hard for them to say that, and then -- because, eventually, the name of this sick person will come out.I don't know. I don't know.I don't know. You know, you try and get little telltale signs that maybe they put in. Hey, maybe it's nobody. Maybe the Times did it.Look, the Times uses phony sources all the time. So maybe the Times did it. I'm not sure.I do. I do. I do. But what I do is, now, I look around the room and I say, "Hey," if I don't know somebody. But the people -- everyone that's at the major meetings with me are on the front page of the newspapers today with beautiful notes that I did not ask them for.Let me just tell you this: We have a really well run, smooth running White House. I said last night, "It's a well-oiled machine." It is running beautifully.Our trade deals are going to be the best deals ever made by our country. Our military is going to be, very shortly, stronger than it's ever been. Everything we are doing -- regulation cutting. We have a really -- you know, I -- you have the list. I don't know, I guess you have the list. Nobody's ever done that much. There has been no President that's done what I've done in the first two years in office, and not even close.You take a look at what we've done between tax cuts and regulation cuts. Now -- and it looks very good for Justice -- for Judge Kavanaugh to be Justice now, you know. It looks very good. And we have Justice Gorsuch.So it appeared -- in 18 months, I have 2. Nobody -- I don't think anybody has done that. You have many Presidents where they've gone for a long periods of time and they've never had a Supreme Court choice. So, we'll have two before I even, you know, have two years now.No administration has done what I've done. I just left Montana, and I looked at those trains and they're loaded up with clean coal -- beautiful clean coal. And those trains were empty two years ago. They were empty; they were dying. Nobody's done what I've done. Okay, I'll see you at the place --We're starting that, yeah.In fact, Japan has called us. They called us. The only reason I didn't want to do it quite yet: because we're in China.We got a lot -- trade. Japan has already contacted us; they came last week. Don't forget -- Japan would not deal with Obama. He wouldn't deal with President Obama. They wouldn't deal. They said, "No, we're not going to talk trade." Me? They're calling up.Because they felt there was going to be no retribution. They felt they were weak and nobody was going to do anything. And, in my case, they feel just the opposite. And I'll tell you, if we don't make a deal with Japan, Japan knows it's a big problem for them.We'd rather do it the old-fashioned way -- get it from Congress -- but I have other options if I have to.Just so you understand, I've already started the wall. The wall has been started. In fact, we're sort of saying, "Continue the wall." You know, "Continue." Right? Instead of "Build the wall," "Continue the wall."We have two options: We have military, and we have Homeland Security. I'd rather get it through politically -- politically speaking, I'd rather get it through Congress. If we don't, I'm looking at that option very seriously.If it were up -- I don't want to say "up to me," because it is up to me -- I would do it, because I think it's a great political issue. I was reading and watching, the other day -- there are some people that I have a lot of respect for. Rush Limbaugh says, "It's the greatest thing you can do." Mark Levin -- "The greatest thing you can do." Your friend, Hannity -- "the greatest thing you can -- ".I mean -- and there are plenty of politicians. But, there were a lot of politicians that I like and respect and that are with me all the way that would rather not do it because they have races. They're doing well; they're up. And, you know, the way they look at it -- might be good, might be bad. But if we do what we're doing, we're going to win. I think we're going to do very well. I think we're doing to do great in the Senate, better than anyone has any understanding of. And I think we're going to do well in the House.One of the important things is, when I go to an area -- like going to Montana last night for Matt Rosendale -- he's doing very well. He was the one we wanted. He's doing very well. He'll end up jumping a lot. And you've seen it. Look, in Florida, he started out at 3; he ended up winning the election by 20 points -- Ron DeSantis.In Georgia, he was down 10 points with 3 days left, and he won the election by 40 points. That's pretty good. But -- and those are primaries. But I think we're -- you know, we have a very good record. But I think I'll do almost as well in elections. The main thing is, can I get there? The main thing is, do you people have the stamina to stay with me?Steve, David, do you have the stamina? Do you have the stamina?We'll all have fun together. So enjoy yourself. This is going to be two pretty quick stops.I guess. You want it on the record?You promise you're going to have it nice and -- everything fair, right?If it's all fair -- if it's all fair, the answer is, go with it.[Inaudible] I'll will get -- I'll go back there -- "So we have breaking news." "Oh, no." [Laughter] Yeah, just be fair with me.You okay with that, Hogan? Do I have that?I don't think we said anything very tricky, Hogan. What do you think?Huh?You know my attitude -- when I ran, I would do this all the time. I'd give press conferences before the speeches. The problem is the press conference would get more coverage than speech. I'd say, "Why I am doing the speech?" Right? But I always liked the idea of press conference. I always like transparency. I always like transparency. Yeah, use it in good taste. Okay? All right?Okay, thank you. Thank you.Hello, everybody. We're going to New York. We're going to New Jersey for work. It's going to be all work. And I think you see what's happened. The economy is maybe better than it's ever been. The numbers are coming out -- the best they've ever had.We just came out with youth numbers. They've been just fantastic, off the charts. So we're very happy about that. And I think for that reason, I think, in November, we're going to do extremely well. Extremely well.I'd like to see twice, but we're going to see. This took place when I had, as you know, the world's top executives -- among the world's top executives. And the head of Pepsi Cola -- a great woman, who is now retiring, she said -- because I asked, "What could we do to make it even better?" And she said, "Two-time-a-year reporting, not quarterly."And I thought of it, and it made sense to me. Because, you know, we are not thinking far enough out. We've been accused of that for a long time, this country. So we're looking at that very, very seriously. We're looking at twice a year, instead of four times a year.I don't know McRaven. I know that I've gotten tremendous response from having done that, because security clearances are very important to me. Very, very important. And I've had a tremendous response for having done that.There's no silence. If anything, I'm giving them a bigger voice. Many people don't even know who he is, and now he has a bigger voice. And that's okay with me, because I like taking on voices like that. I've never respected him; I've never had a lot of respect. And Senator Burr said it best: If you knew anything, why didn't you report it when you were before all of these committees, including their committee?So he had a chance to report; he never did. This was just -- came up lately, and it's a disgusting thing, frankly. Look, I say it. I say it again: That whole situation is a rigged witch hunt. It's a totally rigged deal.They should be looking at the other side. They should be looking at all the people that got fired by them. All of the people that got fired. They should be looking at Bruce Ohr and his wife Nellie for dealing with, by the way, indirectly, Russians.They should be looking at Steele. They should be looking at all these FBI guys who got fired and demoted. It’s a really -- it’s not us. It is a rigged witch hunt. I’ve said it for a long time.Say it?I think Bruce Ohr is a disgrace. I suspect I’ll be taking it away very quickly. I think that Bruce Ohr is a disgrace, with his wife, Nellie. For him to be in the Justice Department, and to be doing what he did, that is a disgrace. That is disqualifying for Mueller. And Mr. Mueller has a lot of conflicts, also, directly yourself. So you know that.Mr. Mueller is highly conflicted. In fact, Comey is like his best friend. I could go into conflict after conflict. But sadly, Mr. Mueller is conflicted. But let him write his report. We did nothing. There’s no collusion.But if he was doing an honest report, he’d write it on the other side. Because when you look at criminality, and you look at problems, take a look at what they did, including colluding with the Russians -- the other side.I can’t hear you too well; you have a helicopter.Well, Turkey has been a problem for a long time. They have not acted as a friend. We’ll see what happens. They have a wonderful Christian pastor. He’s a wonderful man, Pastor Brunson. They made up this phony charge that he’s a spy, and he’s not a spy.He’s going through a trial right now, if you call it a trial. They should have given him back a long time ago. And Turkey has, in my opinion, acted very, very badly. So we haven’t seen the last of that. We are not going to take it sitting down. They can’t take our people. So you will see what happens.Mr. President, will you pardon Paul Manafort? Will you pardon Paul Manafort if he’s convicted?I don’t talk about that, no. I don’t talk about that. I think the whole Manafort trial is very sad. When you look at what’s going on there, I think it’s a very sad day for our country.He worked for me for a very short period of time. But you know what? He happens to be a very good person. And I think it’s very sad what they’ve done to Paul Manafort. Thank you very much.Thank you very much. Thank you. I'm honored to welcome my new friend -- we got along very well right from the beginning -- Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte to the White House.Mr. Prime Minister, I want to begin by congratulating you once again on your tremendous victory in Italy. It was something that all the world was watching, and it excited the people all across Italy and, I can tell you, all across the United States, as well. Congratulations.In your election, the Italian nation has reaffirmed the great traditions of sovereignty, law, and accountability that stretch all the way back to Ancient Rome. This proud heritage sustains our civilization and must be always defended.Today, Prime Minister Conte and I are pleased to announce a new strategic dialogue between Italy and the United States that will enhance cooperation on a range of issues. This includes joint security efforts in the Mediterranean, where we recognize Italy's leadership role in the stabilization of Libya and North Africa. They've been terrific.Both the Prime Minister and I are focused on the urgent need to protect our nations from terrorism and uncontrolled migration. Our countries have learned through hard experience that border security is national security. They are one and the same.Like the United States, Italy is currently under enormous strain as a result of illegal immigration. And they fought it hard. And the Prime Minister, frankly, is with us today because of illegal immigration. Italy got tired of it. They didn't want it any longer.The people of Italy have borne a great part of the burden for Europe through the course of the migration crisis. I applaud the Prime Minister for his bold leadership -- truly bold -- and I hope more leaders will follow this example, including leaders in Europe.The Prime Minister and I are united in our conviction that strong nations must have strong borders. We have a solemn obligation to protect our citizens and their quality of life. My administration is working hard to pass border security legislation, improve vetting, and establish a merit-based immigration system, which the United States needs very, very importantly, very badly.As far as the border is concerned -- and personally, if we don't get border security, after many, many years of talk within the United States, I would have no problem doing a shutdown. It's time we had proper border security. We're the laughingstock of the world. We have the worst immigration laws anywhere in the world.In our meeting today, the Prime Minister and I discussed ways to enhance our cooperation in the fight against terrorism. That also has to do with border security. I want to thank the Italian people for Italy's contributions to counterterrorism and operations in the coalition to defeat ISIS, where we've had a tremendous success, as you know, and in NATO's Resolute Support Mission in Afghanistan.The Prime Minister and I also agree that the brutal regime in Iran must never be allowed to possess a nuclear weapon. Never. We encourage all nations to pressure Iran to end the full range of its malign activities. The United States welcomes the partnership of Italy in these vital efforts.Today we are also addressing the crucial issue of trade and commerce. We are working closely with our European partners, including Italy, to ensure fair and reciprocal trade. A few days ago, I met with President Juncker of the European Commission. We had a great meeting. Following that meeting, we announced a breakthrough agreement to remove trade barriers and increase United States exports of agriculture, energy, and other goods and services to the European Union.Now is also the perfect time to expand commerce between the United States and Italy. America's booming economy -- we're setting records in so many categories -- creates enormous opportunities for investment. Likewise, I recommend investment in Italy. It's a great place with great people. I look forward to working closely with the Prime Minister to open up new commercial opportunities that will reduce our trade deficit substantially and increase our mutual prosperity.Mr. Prime Minister, we discussed our shared goal of combatting unfair foreign trade practices from non-market economies. They're brutal, but we're winning. These abuses include subsidies, excess capacity, intellectual property theft, forced technology transfer, currency devaluation and distortion caused by state-owned enterprises.In this area, like so many others, cooperation between Italy and the United States can make a tremendous difference not only for our countries, but all over the world. And it's making a big difference, and we're making a big difference -- tremendous difference -- on trade and on fairness. But we also have to be fair to the people of the United States and the taxpayers of the United States.Mr. Prime Minister, thank you again for joining me for these important discussions. We are both outsiders to politics. Can you believe it? We are outsiders to politics. I look at all these wonderful politicians. And we're both determined to protect the rights and needs interests and dreams of our citizens. And we will do that.I look forward to partnering with you to build on the incredible friendship between our countries and to creating a brighter future for both the people of Italy and the people of United States.And with that, I just want to again thank you very much for coming to the White House. It is my great honor. Thank you.Maybe we'll go with Saagar, please. Saagar Enjeti. Thank you. Daily Caller.I'll always leave room for negotiation. But this has been many years; this isn't just Trump administration. We're new. This has been many years, even decades. We have immigration laws. We have border security. We have all sorts of things going on that are -- it's disgraceful. We are doing a phenomenal job. We're setting records. But we have laws that don't work. So we're working around those laws, and it's unfortunate.I have to take my hat off to the Border Patrols, for the law enforcement, to ICE, which really has been maligned by the Democrats. The job they do -- they go into these MS-13 nests -- nests of bad, bad people -- killers, in many cases. And they go in there fearless, and they do an incredible job. And they get them out. They either go to jail or they get out of the country. So I want to just take my hat off to ICE and the brave people that have really been maligned by the Democrats.We need border security. Without a border, as this gentleman can tell you also -- because the Prime Minister really was -- it was a very big factor in his win, and other people's win in Italy -- but it was a big factor in my win. We need border security. Border security includes the wall, but it includes many other things. We have to end the lottery. We have to end the chain. The chain is like a disaster. You bring one person in, and you end up with 32 people.We have to end these horrible catch-and-release principles, where you catch somebody, you take their name, and you release them. You don't even know who they are. And then they're supposed to come back to a court case, where they want us to hire thousands of judges. The whole thing is ridiculous. And we have to change our laws, and we do that through Congress.So I would certainly be willing to close it down to get it done. As you know, we are already approving things in various bills, including we're going to be taking care of the military. We always put the military and law enforcement very high. But I would be certainly willing to consider a shutdown if we don't get proper border security. Thank you. Please.I have no red line, unlike President Obama. I just want great border security. Okay?We also, just to add to that -- but I do want to thank you for what you just said, because it's been very unfair to the United States. We had a very good G7 meeting. That's where Giuseppe and I became friends. I think we were probably more closely aligned than anybody else in the room. But it was a great meeting. In every respect, I would say it was very good.And NATO in particular -- I went to NATO, and NATO was essentially going out of business, because people weren't paying and it was going down, down, down. You just have to look at the line. I came along last year, and in a fairly nice tone, I said, you got to pay. And they paid $44 billion more. And this year, I said it in a little bit stronger tone, and they're paying hundreds of billions of dollars more over the years. And NATO will be strong again.And if you speak to Secretary General Stoltenberg, I think he's the biggest fan of Trump, because he said, "We couldn't collect money until President Trump came along." And he said, "Last year, we collected $44 billion, and this year the money is pouring in."But it's like the Prime Minister said: We really -- talk about imbalance -- we were treated very unfairly. The United States was treated very, very unfairly. Because we're shouldering anywhere from 70 to 90 percent of the cost of NATO. That's not fair.It's not fair. Especially when you take Germany, and Germany is paying 1 percent -- a little more than 1 percent -- and they're buying and paying tremendous amounts of money to Russia. So we're supposed to protect countries from Russia, but they are paying Russia billions and billions of dollars for the energy. Not good. Not a good situation. And I let it be known.So the bottom line is, the NATO countries are now paying a lot more money, and NATO has become a lot stronger because of it. And I appreciate your answer. Thank you. Please.Well, I can answer. The biggest thing Italy needs is great leadership, and they have it right now. I really, honestly, believe the Prime Minister is going to do a tremendous job on economic development, in addition to borders. You know, for economic development, you need borders also. But you have a man that's going to do a terrific job. I have no doubt about it at all.He knows how to sell. He knows how to promote, really, a great product, because they make among the greatest products. I won't mention their names, but they are great. I have some of them. And Italy makes great product, and I think it's going to do very well economically. And we're there to help. We have had record numbers.I've been here for a little more than a year and a half, and we've had record numbers. We've had record -- we've had numbers that nobody believed possible, especially if you look at one particular fact that was not reported very much. Trade deficit -- $52 billion reduction in the trade deficit for the quarter. And I think probably Steve Mnuchin, Treasury, is here, and Mike Pompeo. I think nobody would have thought that would be possible so quickly. $52 billion reduction in the trade deficit for the quarter.I think that Italy is going to be able to do the same thing. Slightly different numbers, but the same thing.You're asking me what?Well, that's up to them. I don't want to get involved in that.Look, the European Union -- Jean-Claude and I had a fantastic meeting last week. We were having a hard time, and then I did mention tariffs on cars, and we got along very well. Very well. I think they're going to treat us very fairly, and we're going to treat them fairly. But as you know, it's been a one-way street. The European Union has totally taken advantage of the United States. We can't let that happen. Not fair to the United States.And, by the way, Italy has a $31 billion surplus with the United States, meaning we have a $31 billion trade deficit with Italy. And we discussed that, and we'll work something out. We're going to work something out. Okay? Thank you.I do think this: One of the biggest things that we've done -- obviously the massive tax cuts, but maybe equal too -- would be the tremendous cuts in regulation. And I know Italy well, and they have a lot of regulation, and I have no doubt that the Prime Minister, Giuseppe, will be working very hard on that.But I think -- Giuseppe, I can say from our standpoint, one of the most important things we did was cutting massively these horrible regulations. And I believe so strongly in the environment. I want the cleanest air, the cleanest water, the cleanest everything -- the best everything. But you had 10 regulations for every point, in some cases. It was ridiculous. It would take many years to get a highway or a road approved. We have that way down. We have it down to two years, and it will hopefully be down to one. And it may get rejected. But at least it's going to go quickly.So we want regulation, but it's got to be cut to a minimum and do the trick. And I think that Italy will follow suit. I know they've looked at it very strongly and they're going to follow suit. Okay? Thank you. Thank you very much.Roberta Rampton of Reuters, please. Roberta? Hello, Roberta.I'll meet with anybody. I believe in meeting. The Prime Minister said it better than anybody can say it: Speaking to other people, especially when you're talking about potentials of war and death and famine and lots of other things -- you meet. There's nothing wrong with meeting. We met, as you know, with Chairman Kim. And it -- you haven't had a missile fired off in nine months. We got our prisoners back. So many things have happened. So positive.But meeting with people -- I had a great meeting, in my opinion. Of course, the fake news didn't cover it that way. But I had a great meeting with President Putin of Russia. I think it was a great meeting. In terms of the future, in terms of safety and economic development and protecting Israel and protecting everybody, I thought it was a great meeting.Great meeting with NATO. I just explained NATO. I just explained NATO. Hundreds of billions of dollars more money will be paid into NATO, the coffers of NATO. And much already has.So I believe in meeting. I would certainly meet with Iran if they wanted to meet. I don't know that they're ready yet. They're having a hard time right now.But I ended the Iran deal; it was a ridiculous deal. I do believe that they will probably end up wanting to meet, and I'm ready to meet any time they want to. And I don't do that from strength or from weakness. I think it's an appropriate thing to do. If we could work something out that's meaningful, not the waste of paper that the other deal was, I would certainly be willing to meet.No preconditions. No. If they want to meet, I'll meet. Anytime they want. Anytime they want. It's good for the country, good for them, good for us, and good for the world. No preconditions. If they want to meet, I'll meet.Thank you very much. Sanctions on Russia will remain as is. As far as a pipeline is concerned, I'd like to see a competing pipeline. So, Mr. Prime Minister, I hope you're going to be able to do that competing pipeline.And we are already talking to the European Union about building anywhere from 9 to 11 ports, which they will pay for, so that we can ship our LNG over to various parts of Europe. And that will be more competition. But the sanctions on Russia will remain as is. Okay, thank you very much everybody. Thank you. Thank you.Thank you very much.Thank you very much. Thank you. I have just concluded a meeting with President Putin on a wide range of critical issues for both of our countries. We had direct, open, deeply productive dialogue. Went very well. Before I begin, I want to thank President Niinisto of Finland for graciously hosting today's summit.President Putin and I were saying how lovely it was and what a great job they did. I also want to congratulate Russia and President Putin for having done such an excellent job in hosting the World Cup. It was really one of the best ever. And your team also did very well. It was a great job.I'm here today to continue the proud tradition of bold American diplomacy. From the earliest days of our republic, American leaders have understood that diplomacy and engagement is preferable to conflict and hostility.A productive dialogue is not only good for the United States and good for Russia, but it is good for the world. The disagreements between our two countries are well known and President Putin and I discussed them at length today.But if we're going to solve many of the problems facing our world, then we're going to have to find ways to cooperate in pursuit of shared interests.Too often, in both recent past and long ago, we have seen the consequences when diplomacy is left on the table. We've also seen the benefits of cooperation. In the last century, our nations fought alongside one another in the Second World War.Even during the tensions of the Cold War, when the world looked much different than it does today, the United States and Russia were able to maintain a strong dialogue. But our relationship has never been worse than it is now. However, that changed as of about four hours ago. I really believe that.Nothing would be easier politically than to refuse to meet, to refuse to engage, but that would not accomplish anything. As President, I cannot make decisions on foreign policy in a futile effort to appease partisan critics, or the media, or Democrats who want to do nothing but resist and obstruct.Constructive dialogue between the United States and Russia affords the opportunity to open new pathways toward peace and stability in our world. I would rather take a political risk in pursuit of peace than to risk peace in pursuit of politics. As President, I will always put what is best for America and what is best for the American people.During today's meeting, I addressed directly with President Putin the issue of Russian interference in our elections. I felt this was a message best delivered in person. Spent a great deal of time talking about it.And President Putin may very well want to address it, and very strongly, because he feels very strongly about it, and he has an interesting idea. We also discussed one of the most critical challenges facing humanity: nuclear proliferation.I provided an update on my meeting last month with Chairman Kim on the denuclearization of North Korea. And after today, I am very sure that President Putin and Russia want very much to end that problem, going to work with us. And I appreciate that commitment.The President and I also discussed the scourge of radical Islamic terrorism. Both Russia and the United States has suffered horrific terrorist attacks, and we have agreed to maintain open communication between our security agencies to protect our citizens from this global menace.Last year, we told Russia about a planned attack in St. Petersburg, and they were able to stop it cold. They found them. They stopped them. There was no doubt about it. I appreciated President Putin's phone call afterwards to thank me.I also emphasized the importance of placing pressure on Iran to halt its nuclear ambitions, and to stop its campaign of violence throughout the area, throughout the Middle East. As we discussed at length, the crisis in Syria is a complex one.Cooperation between our two countries has the potential to save hundreds of thousands of lives. I also made clear that the United States will not allow Iran to benefit from our successful campaign against ISIS. We have just about eradicated ISIS in the area.We also agreed that representatives from our national security councils will meet to follow up on all of the issues we addressed today, and to continue the progress we have started right here in Helsinki. Today's meeting is only the beginning of a longer process, but we have taken the first step toward a brighter future and one with a strong dialogue and a lot of thought.Our expectations are grounded in realism, but our hopes are grounded in America's desire for friendship, cooperation and peace. And I think I can speak on behalf of Russia, when I say that, also.President Putin, I want to thank you again for joining me for these important discussions and for advancing open dialogue between Russia and the United States. Our meeting carries on a long tradition of diplomacy between Russia, the United States, for the greater good of all.And this was a very constructive day, this was a very constructive few hours that we spent together. It's in the interest of both of our countries to continue our conversation, and we have agreed to do so. I'm sure we'll be meeting again in the future often, and hopefully we will solve every one of the problems that we discussed today. So again, President Putin, thank you very much.Well, actually I called him a competitor. And a good competitor he is. And I think the word "competitor" is a compliment. I think that we will be completing when you talk about the pipeline.I'm not sure, necessarily, that it's in the best interests of Germany or not, but that was a decision that they made. We'll be competing -- as you know, the United States is now -- or soon will be, but I think it actually is right now the largest in the oil and gas world. So we're going to be selling LNG, and we'll have to be competing with the pipeline and I think will compete successfully, although there is a little advantage locationally.So I just wish them luck. I mean, I did. I discussed with Angela Merkel in pretty strong tones. But I also know where they're all coming from and they have a very close source. So we'll see how that all works out.But we have lots of sources now and the United States is much different than it was a number of years ago when we weren't unable to extract what we could extract today. So today we're number one in the world at that, and I think we'll be out there competing very strongly. Thank you very much.Yes I do. I hold both countries responsible. I think that the United States has been foolish. I think we've all been foolish. We should've had this dialogue a long time ago; a long time, frankly, before I got to office.And I think we're all to blame. I think that the United States now has stepped forward along with Russia, and we're getting together and we have a chance to do some great things, whether it's nuclear proliferation in terms of stopping -- you have to do it, ultimately that's probably the most important thing that we could be working on.But I do feel that we have both made some mistakes. I think that the -- the probe is a disaster for our country. I think it's kept us apart, it's kept us separated. There was no collusion at all. Everybody knows it. And people are being brought out to the fore. So far that I know, virtually none of it related to the campaign. And they're going to have to try really hard to find somebody that did relate to the campaign.That was a clean campaign. I beat Hillary Clinton easily. And, frankly, we beat her -- and I'm not even saying from the standpoint -- we won that race. And it's a shame that there could even be a little bit of a cloud over it. People know that, people understand it. But the main thing -- and we discussed this also -- zero collusion.And it has had a negative impact upon the relationship of the two largest nuclear powers in the world. We have 90 percent of nuclear power between the two countries. It's ridiculous. It's ridiculous what's going on with the probe.Well, I'm going to let the President answer the second part of that question. But, as you know, the whole concept of that came up perhaps a little bit before, but it came out as a reason why the Democrats lost an election which, frankly, they should have been able to win, because the Electoral College is much more advantageous for Democrats, as you know, than it is to Republicans.We won the Electoral College by a lot: 306 to 223, I believe. And that was a well-fought -- that was a well-fought battle. We did a great job. And, frankly -- I'm going to let the President speak to the second part of your question -- but just to say it one time again -- and I say it all the time -- there was no collusion. I didn't know the President. There was nobody to collude with.There was no collusion with the campaign. And every time you hear all of these, you know, 12 and 14 -- it's stuff that has nothing to do -- and, frankly, they admit these are not people involved in the campaign.But to the average reader out there, they're saying, "Well, maybe that does." It doesn't. And even the people involved, some, perhaps, told mis-stories. Or, in one case, the FBI said there was no lying. There was no lying. Somebody else said there was. We ran a brilliant campaign, and that's why I'm President. Thank you.Well, I guess I'll answer the first part of the question. We've worked with Israel long and hard for many years, many decades. I think we've never -- never has anyone, any country been closer than we are. President Putin also is helping Israel. And we both spoke with Bibi Netanyahu, and they would like to do certain things with respect to Syria, having to do with the safety of Israel.So in that respect, we absolutely would like to work in order to help Israel. And Israel would be working with us. So both countries would work jointly. And I think that when you look at all of the progress that's been made in certain sections, with the eradication of ISIS, we're about 98 percent, 99 percent there. And other things that have taken place that we've done, and that, frankly, Russia has helped us with in certain respects.But I think that working with Israel is a great thing. And creating safety for Israel is something that both President Putin and I would like to see very much. One little thing I might add to that is the helping of people. Helping of people. Because you have such horrible -- if you see -- and I've seen reports, I've seen pictures, I've seen just about everything.And if we can do something to help the people of Syria get back into some form of shelter, and -- on a humanitarian basis -- and that's what the word was, really, a humanitarian basis -- I think that both of us would be very interested in doing that. And we are. We will do that. O.K.? Thank you very much.Well, our militaries do get along. In fact, our militaries actually have gotten along probably better than our political leaders, for years. But our militaries do get along very well, and they do coordinate in Syria and other places. O.K.? Thank you.Thank you very much. We do host it and we hope we do as good a job. That's very nice. That will go to my son Barron. We have no question. In fact, Melania, here you go. [Laughter] O.K.So let me just say that we have two thoughts. You have groups that are wondering why the FBI never took the server -- haven't they taken the server. Why was the FBI told to leave the office of the Democratic National Committee?I've been wondering that, I've been asking that for months and months and I've been tweeting it out and calling it out on social media. Where is the server? I want to know where is the server and what is the server saying? With that being said, all I can do is ask the question.My people came to me, Dan Coats came to me and some others, they said they think it's Russia. I have President Putin; he just said it's not Russia. I will say this: I don't see any reason why it would be. But I really do want to see the server. But I have -- I have confidence in both parties.I -- I really believe that this will probably go on for a while, but I don't think it can go on without finding out what happened to the server. What happened to the servers of the Pakistani gentleman that worked on the D.N.C.? Where are those servers?They're missing; where are they? What happened to Hillary Clinton's e-mails? 33,000 e-mails gone -- just gone. I think in Russia they wouldn't be gone so easily. I think it's a disgrace that we can't get Hillary Clinton's 33,000 e-mails.So I have great confidence in my intelligence people, but I will tell you that President Putin was extremely strong and powerful in his denial today. And what he did is an incredible offer. He offered to have the people working on the case come and work with their investigators with respect to the 12 people. I think that's an incredible offer. O.K.? Thank you.Yes, please.It would have been out long ago. And if anybody watched Peter Strzok testify over the last couple of days -- and I was in Brussels watching it -- it was a disgrace to the FBI, it was a disgrace to our country, and you would say that was a total witch hunt. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.Thank you very much. Thank you. Prime Minister, thank you very much. And it is my true honor to join you at this remarkable setting -- truly magnificent -- as we celebrate the special relationship between our two countries. On behalf of the American people, I want to thank you for your very gracious hospitality. Thank you very much, Theresa.Last night, Melania and I were delighted to join you and Philip for dinner at the magnificent Blenheim Palace. It was a wonderful and memorable evening that we will not soon forget. It was really something very special.Today, it's a true privilege to visit historic Chequers that I've heard so much about and read so much about growing up in history class, and to continue our conversation, which has really proceeded along rapidly and well over the last few days.For generations, our predecessors have gathered at this stunning retreat to strengthen a bond that is like no other. The relationship between our two nations is indispensable to the cause of liberty, justice and peace.The United Kingdom and the United States are bound together by a common historic heritage, language, and heroes. The traditions of freedom, sovereignty, and the true rule of law were our shared gift to the world. They are now our priceless inheritance to a civilization. We must never cease to be united in their defense and in their renewal.Before our dinner last night, Melania and I joined Prime Minister May, Mr. May, and the Duke and Duchess of Marlborough for a tour of the Winston Churchill Exhibit at Blenheim Palace. It was something; it was something very special. It was from right here at Chequers that Prime Minister Churchill phoned President Roosevelt after Pearl Harbor.In that horrific war, American and British servicemembers bravely shed their blood alongside one another in defense of home and in defense of freedom. And together, we achieved a really special, magnificent victory. And it was total victory.Prime Minister May and I have just come from a very productive NATO summit -- that was truly a productive summit --where my top priority was getting other NATO members to pay their full and fair share. And the Prime Minister was right there with me.I want to thank you, Prime Minister, for the United Kingdom's contribution to our common defense. The UK is one of the handful of nations -- 5 out of 29 -- not good, but it's going to get better really fast -- in addition to the United States meeting the 2-percent GDP minimum defense spending commitment.During the summit, I made clear all NATO Allies must honor their obligations, and I am pleased to report that we have received substantial commitments from members to increase their defense spending and to do so in a much more timely manner.In our meetings today, the Prime Minister and I discussed a range of shared priorities, including stopping nuclear proliferation. I thanked Prime Minister May for her partnership in our pursuit of a nuclear-free North Korea. She's been a tremendous help.The Prime Minister and I also discussed Iran. We both agree that Iran must never possess a nuclear weapon and that I must halt, and we must do it -- and I'm going to do it and she's going to do it, and we're all going to do it together. We have to stop terrorism. It's a scourge. We have to stop terrorism. And we have to get certain countries -- and they've come a long way, I believe -- the funding of terrorism has to stop, and it has to stop now.I encouraged the Prime Minister to sustain pressure on the regime. And she needed absolutely no encouragement, because she, in fact, also encourages me. And we're doing that, and we're doing that together -- very closely coordinated.The United Kingdom and the United States are also strengthening cooperation between our armed forces, who serve together on battlefields all around the world.Today, the Prime Minister and I viewed several U.S.-UK Special Forces demonstration -- we saw some demonstration todays, frankly, that were incredible. The talent of these young brave, strong people. We saw it at the Royal Military Academy at Sandhurst. Seamless cooperation between our militaries is really just vital to addressing the many shared security threats. We have threats far different than we've ever had before. They've always been out there, but these are different and they're severe. And we will handle them well.We also recognize the vital importance of border security and immigration control. In order to prevent foreign acts of terrorism within our shores, we must prevent terrorists and their supporters from gaining admission in the first place. Border security is a national security problem. And in the United States, we are working very hard to get the Democrats to give us a couple of votes so we can pass meaningful and powerful border security.I also want to thank Prime Minister May for pursuing fair and reciprocal trade with the United States. Once the Brexit process is concluded, and perhaps the U.K. has left the EU -- I don't know what they're going to do, but whatever you do is okay with me. That's your decision. Whatever you're going to do is okay with us.Just make sure we can trade together; that's all that matters. The United States looks forward to finalizing a great bilateral trade agreement with the United Kingdom. This is an incredible opportunity for our two countries, and we will seize it fully.We support the decision of the British people to realize full self-government, and we will see how that goes. Very complicated negotiation and not an easy negotiation, that's for sure. A strong and independent United Kingdom, like a strong and independent United States, is truly a blessing on the world.Prime Minister May, I want to thank you again for the honor of visiting the United Kingdom -- a special place. My mother was born here, so it means something maybe just a little bit extra; maybe even a lot extra. And we had a wonderful visit. Last night, I think I got to know the Prime Minister better than at any time.We spent a lot of time together over a year and a half. But last night, we really -- I was very embarrassed for the rest of the table. We just talked about lots of different problems and solutions to those problems. And it was a great evening.As we stand together this afternoon at Chequers, we continue a long tradition of friendship, collaboration, and affection between ourselves and also between our people. The enduring relationship between our nations has never been stronger than it is now. So, Madam Prime Minister, thank you very much. It's been an honor. Thank you. Thank you, Theresa. Theresa MayThank you. [Applause] Theresa MayWell, maybe I'll go first, because I didn't criticize the Prime Minister. I have a lot of respect for the Prime Minister. And, unfortunately, there was a story that was done, which was generally fine, but it didn't put in what I said about the Prime Minister. And I said tremendous things.And, fortunately, we tend to record stories now, so we have it for your enjoyment, if you'd like it. But we record when we deal with reporters. It's called fake news. You know, we solve a lot of problems with the good, old recording instrument.But what happens is that -- look, the Prime Minister, as I really just said, she's going to make a decision as to what she's going to do. The only thing I ask of Theresa is that we make sure we can trade, that we don't have any restrictions, because we want to trade with the UK, and the UK wants to trade with us. We're, by far, their biggest trading partner. And we have just a tremendous opportunity to double, triple, quadruple that.So if they're going a slightly different route -- and I know they do want independence. It's going to be independence; it's just your definition. But if they're going to go a certain route, I just said that I hope you're going to be able to trade with the United States. I read reports where that won't be possible, but I believe after speaking with the Prime Minister's people and representatives and trade experts, it will absolutely be possible.So, based on that, and based on just trade in general, and our other relationship -- which will be fine -- but the trade is a little bit tricky. We want to be able to trade, and they want to be able to trade, and I think we'll be able to do that. Okay? And I think she's doing a terrific job, by the way.Jonathan Swan, go ahead.So I'll be meeting with President Putin on Monday. We go into the meeting with a tremendous meeting that we had with NATO. Most of you have reported it correctly. It was -- certainly it was testy at the beginning, but at the end, everybody came together and they agreed to do what they should do -- and actually, what they've committed to do, which you fully adhered to. You didn't have a problem, but some people did. And we left that meeting, I think, probably more unified and wealthier as a group than ever before. So we go in strong.We'll be talking to President Putin about a number of things: Ukraine. We'll be talking about Syria. We'll be talking about other parts of the Middle East. I will be talking about nuclear proliferation, because we are massively -- you know -- you know what we've been doing. We've been modernizing and fixing and buying.And it's just a devastating technology. And they, likewise, are doing a lot. And it's a very, very bad policy. We have no choice. But we are massively big and they are very big. And I'll be talking about nuclear proliferation. That would be a great thing if we can do.Now, it's not only us. It's not only Russia and the United States. It's other countries also. But we're the two leaders. We would be the leader; they would be second. I guess China would be third. I think we'll all be talking about that. To me, Jonathan, I think that would be a tremendous -- that would be a tremendous achievement if we could do something on nuclear proliferation.And we'll be talking about other things. I know you'll ask will we be talking about meddling. And I will absolutely bring that up. I don't think you'll have any "Gee, I did it. I did it. You got me." There won't be a Perry Mason here, I don't think. But you never know what happens, right? But I will absolutely firmly ask the question.And hopefully we'll have a very good relationship with Russia. You know, I think having -- and the Prime Minister would agree. We have a good relationship with Russia and with China and with other countries. That's a good thing, not a bad thing. So hopefully that will happen, Jonathan. Okay?Yeah. The troops where, though? Where?Well, look, there is a benefit. There's a psychological benefit and there's a military benefit. There's also a benefit not to do it. I mean, I was prepared to do things that would have been somewhat harsh yesterday. A lot of people were surprised that NATO all came together at the end.But -- and it wasn't a threat. I mean, it was just an unfair situation. The United States was paying, you know, anywhere from 70 to 90. And I choose 90, depending on the way you want to calculate. We were paying 90 percent of the cost of NATO. And NATO is really there for Europe, much more so than us. It helps Europe whether -- no matter what our military people or your military people say, it helps Europe more than it helps us.That being said, it is a great unifier. You know, we have 29 countries. And there was a lot of love in that room. So I think -- and we have a lot more than -- you know, Jonathan, when you say 10,000 troops, we have a lot more than 10,000 troops.How much?Oh, tens of. I thought you said 10,000. Because in Germany, we have 52,000 troops. And we have -- we have a lot of troops in Europe. That being said, we're helping Europe. They're helping us. We're all together. And I'm fine with it.And -- and, by the way, very importantly, they're now paying their way in a much more rapid fashion. Yes.I think it's been very bad for Europe. I think Europe is a place I know very well, and I think that what has happened is very tough. It's a very tough situation. I mean, you see the same terror attacks that I do. We see them a lot. We just left some incredible young men -- men and women -- at Sandhurst. And they were showing us cells and they were showing us things that, frankly, 20 years ago nobody even thought about. Probably at a lot more recently than that -- nobody even thought about.I just think it's changing the culture. I think it's a very negative thing for Europe. I think it's very negative. I think having Germany -- and I have a great relationship with Angela Merkel. Great relationship with Germany. But I think that's very much hurt Germany. I think it's very much hurt other parts of Europe.And I know it's politically not necessarily correct to say that. But I'll say it and I'll say it loud. And I think they better watch themselves because you are changing culture. You are changing a lot of things. You're changing security. You're changing -- look at what's happening. I mean, you take a look. I mean, look at what's happening to different countries that never had difficulty, never had problems.It's a very sad situation. It's very unfortunate. But I do not think it's good for Europe and I don't think it's good for our country. We're, as you know, far superior to anything that's happened before, but we have very bad immigration laws and we're -- I mean, we're doing incredibly well considering the fact that we virtually don't have immigration laws.We have laws that are so bad, I don't even call them "laws." I call them -- it's just like, you just walk across the border. You walk across the border, you put one foot on the land and now you're tied up in a lawsuit for five years. It's the craziest thing anyone has ever seen.So I would just make that recommendation to Europe. I've made it very loud and clear. I made it yesterday -- 29 countries total. And that's the way I feel.[Inaudible]See, that's such dishonest reporting because -- of course, it happens to be NBC, which is possibly worse than CNN. Possibly. Possibly.Possibly. Let me explain something. We have left NATO with more money, with more unity, with more spirit than NATO probably has ever had. We have a strong and powerful NATO. When I became President, we didn't. We had people that weren't paying their bills; we had people that were way down. We had people that weren't following their commitments.In addition to that, we've become an oil exporter, which would not have happened under the past regime or a new regime, if it weren't us. We have built up our military -- $700 billion. And then, next year, as you know, $716 billion.When you look at what we've done in terms of Russia, I guarantee whoever it is in Russia, they're saying, "Oh, gee, do we wish that Trump was not the victor in that election." We have been far tougher on Russia than anybody -- anybody -- and probably even -- look, I'm not going to go down 100 years, but certainly we have been extremely tough on Russia, including the fact that, when the Prime Minister called, when they had a horrible thing happen right here -- very close by -- she asked would I do something. And maybe I'd let you tell the number, and it was far greater than anybody else, including the Prime Minister. We expelled how many people?Yeah, 60. And Germany did three, as an example. So Germany -- big country, powerful country -- they did three. The fake news doesn't want to talk about it. So it really is -- we have been very strong on Russia.Now, with all that being said, if I had a relationship with Putin -- I don't know him. I met him twice, maybe three times -- two and a half times. Most of you were there when we did. We met him at the G20. And if we could develop a relationship, which is good for Russia, good for us, good for everybody -- that would be great.If I had a relationship with China -- you know, we're in a big trade situation with China, as an example, where we're behind every year, for many years -- $500 billion. It's just not going to happen anymore.So if we got along with countries, that's a good thing. If we get along with China, Russia -- that's a good thing, not a bad thing.No, no. No, the headline he sees isn't the headline -- yes, there was fighting because I said, "You got to put up -- you got to put up more money. We have to be stronger. We have to be unified." The headline he sees isn't what's happened during the morning. The headline he sees is what happened in the afternoon, where we came together as one, where they're putting up billions of dollars more.I'll give you an example -- and you know this is a confirmed number -- $34 billion more was raised since I became President, in NATO. That means that the other 28 countries have put in $34 billion more into NATO. Do you think Putin is happy about that? I don't think so. But we have a lot of false reporting in this country. I don't think you have that in your country. Do you, Prime Minister?Okay, go ahead. Ask the Prime Minister.I'll respond. They said -- unrelated -- not related -- we have the tape. You can ask Sarah; get it from Sarah. We taped the entire interview. They asked about Boris Johnson. I said, yeah -- how would he be as a Prime Minister? I said, he'll be a great Prime Minister. He's been very nice to me. He's been saying very good things about me as President. I think he thinks I'm doing a great job. I am doing a great job, that I can tell you -- just in case you haven't noticed. But Boris Johnson, I think would be a great Prime Minister.I also said that this incredible woman, right here, is doing a fantastic job, a great job. And I mean that. And I must say that I have gotten to know Theresa May much better over the last two days than I've known her over the last year and half. I mean, we spent more time in the last two days.Yesterday, I had breakfast, lunch, and dinner with her. Then I said, "What are we doing tomorrow?" Which is today. "Oh, you're having breakfast and lunch with Theresa May." And I'm going to see you later on again.But I've actually gotten to know her better than ever, and I think she's a terrific woman. I think she's doing a terrific job. And that Brexit is a very tough situation. That's a tough deal, between the borders and the entries into the countries, and all of the things. So she's going to do the best.The only think I ask is that she work it out so that we can have very even trade, because we do not have a fair deal with the European Union, right now, on trade. They treat the United States horribly. And that's going to change. And if it doesn't change, they're going to have to pay a very big price, and they know what that price is.So they're coming over on July 25th to see me, and hopefully we can work something out. But they have barriers that are beyond belief -- barriers where they won't take our farm products, they won't take many of our things, including our cars. They charge us tariffs on cars far greater than we charge them. As you know -- you know all these things.And last year, Theresa, we lost $151 billion with the European Union. So we can't have that. We're not going to have that any longer, okay? Thank you.So I would say I give our relationship, in terms of grade, the highest level of special. So we start off with special. I would give our relationship with the UK -- and now, especially after these two days with your Prime Minister, I would say the highest level of special. Am I allowed to go higher than that? I'm not sure. [Laughter] But it's the highest level of special. They are very special people. It's a very special country. And as I said, I have a relationship because my mother was born in Scotland. So, very important.As far as the advice, I did give her a suggestion. I wouldn't say advice. And I think she found it maybe too brutal, and that's -- because I could see that. But I don't know if you remember what I said. But I did give her a certain amount of -- I gave her a suggestion, not advice. I wouldn't want to give her advice. I'd give her a suggestion.I could fully understand why she thought it was a little bit tough. And maybe, someday, she'll do that. If they don't make the right deal, she might very well do what I suggested that she might want to do.But it is not an easy thing. Look at the United States, how the European Union has taken advantage, systematically, of the United States, on trade. It's a disgrace. So it's not an easy negotiation.John Roberts, go ahead. Go ahead, John.No. No. John Roberts, go ahead. CNN is fake news. I don't take questions -- I don't take questions from CNN. CNN is fake news. I don't take questions from CNN. John Roberts of Fox. Let's go to a real network. John, let's go.Thank you.[Inaudible]Yes.Yes, I think so. I think I'd have a very good relationship with President Putin if we spend time together. And I may be wrong. You know, other people have said; it didn't work out. But I'm different than other people.I think that we're being hurt very badly by the, I would call it, the witch hunt; I would call it the "rigged witch hunt," after watching some of the little clips. I didn't get to watch too much, because I'm here -- it's a different time zone, to put it mildly. But after watching the people, the man that was testifying yesterday, I call it the "rigged witch hunt."I think that really hurts our country and it really hurts our relationship with Russia. I think that we would have a chance to have a very good relationship with Russia and a very good chance -- a very good relationship with President Putin. I would hope so.Well, that was -- yes, they do. And if you're talking about Crimea primarily, yeah. But again, President Obama failed very badly with Crimea. I don't think he would have done that if I were President. He took over Crimea, and he actually took it over during the Obama administration, I think you will admit.Well, we'll have to see what happens, you know? I'm not bad at doing things. If you look at what I've done compared to what other people have done 160 days in, there's nobody even close, I believe. So let's see what happens. But this was an Obama disaster. And I think if I were President then, he would not have taken over Crimea. During the Obama administration, he essentially took over Crimea. I don't think he would have done that with me as President, John.Well, we're going to see what happens. I mean, it's a process. If I knew, I wouldn't tell you because that would put us at a disadvantage. But we'll see what happens. We'll see how it all mills out.But I just want people to understand that Crimea was a -- you know, it was another bad hand. I got handed North Korea. We're doing very well. You saw the letter yesterday. And we're doing very well.Look, we haven't had nuclear testing, we haven't had missile launches, we haven't had rocket launches. Some sites were blown up. And we got back our hostages, our prisoners, even before I left. So a lot of good things are happening. There's some good feeling there. We'll see what happens. It's a process. It's probably a longer process than anybody would like, but I'm used to long processes too. We haven't taken off the sanctions. The sanctions are biting. We haven't taken them off.But when it comes to Crimea, that's something I took over, John. There's nothing much I have to say about it, other than we will look at that just like I'm looking at many other disasters that I've taken over. I've taken over a lot of bad hands. And I'm fixing them one-by-one. And I know how to fix them. Okay?Well, if you remember, I was opening Turnberry the day before Brexit. And we had an unbelievably large number of reporters there because everybody was there, I guess because of Brexit. And they all showed up on the 9th hole overlooking the ocean, and I said, "What's going on?" And all they wanted to talk about was Brexit. And they asked for my opinion, and I think you will agree that I said I think Brexit will happen. And it did happen. And then we cut the ribbon.And the reason I felt it was going to happen was because of immigration. Because I know -- I think one of the reasons I got elected was because of immigration, and I felt that Brexit had the upper hand. And most people didn't agree with me. If you remember, Barack Obama said, well, that your country will have to get on the back of the line if that happened. Which I thought was a terrible thing to say, frankly.But I said I thought it was going to happen, and it did happen. And I also think that, as far as negotiating the deal, I probably would have done what my suggestion was to the Prime Minister, but my -- but she can always do that. She can do that. At some point, she can do what I suggested to her.No. Well, you can't walk away. Because if she walks away, that means she's -- she's stuck. You can't walk away. But you can do other things. But she can do what my suggestion was. And my suggestion was, you know, respectfully submitted. She will -- she will do very well. I think she's a very tough negotiator. I've been watching her over the last couple of days. She's a tough negotiator. She's a very, very smart and determined person.I can tell you, there are a lot of people that are looking up now saying, gee, whiz -- you know, she left a lot of people in her wake." She's a very smart, very tough, very capable person. And I would much rather have her as my friend than my enemy, that I can tell you. Go ahead.I like your hat.Good without it, too. Good head of hair. Good solid head of hair.No, I know exactly what you have, Jeff.Come on, Jeff. Take it off. Will you show, please?I like you better without the hat. Go ahead.Well, it will be a slow process. Don't forget, we're not the only ones that have nukes. And it would be a slow process. But for the world, it would be us and it would be others would have to come along simultaneously, obviously.But I think that when the meeting was arranged -- and we both wanted the meeting -- when the meeting was arranged, it was -- from my standpoint, I didn't go in with high expectations, but you may come out with something very exceptional.But the proliferation is a tremendous -- I mean, to me, it's the biggest problem in the world: nuclear weapons. Biggest problem in the world.I understand nuclear. Look up Dr. John Trump at MIT. He was my uncle. Many, many years a professor. I used to talk nuclear with him. And this is many years ago. It's the biggest problem, in my opinion, this world has. Nuclear weapons. So if we could do something to substantially reduce them -- I mean, ideally, get rid of them. Maybe that's a dream. But certainly it's a subject that I'll be bringing up with him. And it's also a very expensive thing. But that's the least important. So if we can -- if we can do something.But I didn't go in -- and I was telling the Prime Minister before -- I didn't go in with high expectations. I mean, we have -- we do have a political problem where, you know, in the United States we have this stupidity going on -- pure stupidity -- but it makes it very hard to do something with Russia.Anything you do, it's always going to be "Oh, Russia. He loves Russia." I love the United States. But I love getting along with Russia and China, and other countries. And it will certainly be, Jeff, something that we bring up and talk about. I think, to me, it's such a big problem.Syria, of course, I'm going to bring that up and I'm going to bring up Ukraine. And I'm going to bring up other subjects, also.We're just going to talk about -- yeah, well, that was another one. I mean, the red line in the sand was a problem for us. I mean, I think you might be in a different --Well, I'll tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to talk to him about that before I talk to you. And if something happens, that will be great. And if it doesn't happen -- I'm not going in with high expectations, but we may come out with some very surprising things.But relationship is very important. And having a relationship with Russia and other countries, as I said a number of times, is -- and I've been saying, actually, for years -- and I've been certainly saying it during my campaign. Having relationships with other countries is really a good thing.I think that -- I can't really overestimate how big the meeting was yesterday with NATO. We went with something that really was an unfair situation to something that's unified. I mean, they had spirit. Those people were getting up, and in the end, "Well, we are committing and we're" -- you know, they can't go -- it's not like they can go immediately back. They have to go through their parliaments and their congresses and their representatives, and whoever, whatever forum they have. But they have to go through an approval process.But I'll tell you what: Every single person in that room was gung-ho to get it done, get the money. And even before that, as you know, $34 billion. And I think that the Secretary General -- Stoltenberg is doing a terrific job, by the way -- he said yesterday that because of President Trump, we've taken in $34 billion more for NATO. And I think the number is actually much higher than that. But $34 billion more, at least.And again, that's nothing that my opponent would have done. My opponent would have -- it would have just kept going down. You know, it was going down. You see what was happening over the years. The numbers were going down. Now the number is way up and now it's going way up higher. And that was -- and he will tell you that that was because of me.And I have -- just to finish off. Jeff, just to finish off, I have to say, I said to that paper, The Sun -- and they seem like two very nice people -- but I said that Theresa May is a -- one of them is nice. [Laughter]Oh, good. Where is that person? Where? Did I say nice things about Theresa May, please?Oh, good? Okay. If you reported them, that's good. Okay. Where? On the Internet? [Laughter] I said very good things. Thank you very much for saying that. No, I said very good things about her. I didn't they put it in, but that's all right. They didn't put it in the headline. I wish they put that in the headline. That's one of those things.And she's a total professional, because when I saw her this morning I said, "I want apologize, because I said such good things about you." She said, "Don't worry, it's only the press." I thought that was very -- I thought that was very professional. [Laughter] I might add though -- I might add --That's called being -- don't worry, I've been -- they've been doing it to me and I do it to them. I do say, though, the pipeline -- you asked about the pipeline -- to me, it is a tragedy. I think it's a horrific thing that's being done, where you're feeding billions and billions of dollars -- from Germany primarily, and other countries, but primarily from Germany -- into the coffers of Russia when we're trying to do something so that we have peace in the world.I think it's a horrible thing that Germany is doing. I think it's a horrible mistake. And as much as I like Angela, I was very open in saying it. I think it's a horrible thing that you have a pipeline coming from Russia, and I believe that Germany is going to be getting 50, 60, or even, I've heard, numbers of 70 percent of their energy coming in from Russia. And how can you be working for peace and working from strength when somebody has that kind of power over your country?I don't think it's good. You're not working from strength; you've given up all of your strength. I think it's very bad for Germany, very bad for the German people. And I don't think it's very good for NATO, if you want to know the truth. So, okay?Thank you very much. Thank you.Well, thank you very much, everybody. Appreciate it. We've had a very amazing two-day period in Brussels. And we really accomplished a lot, with respect to NATO. For years, Presidents have been coming to these meetings and talked about the expense -- the tremendous expense for the United States. And tremendous progress has been made; everyone has agreed to substantially up their commitment. They're going to up it at levels that they've never thought of before.Prior to last year, where I attended my first meeting, it was going down -- the amount of money being spent by countries was going down and down very substantially. And now, it's going up very substantially. And commitments were made. Only 5 of 29 countries were making their commitment. And that's now changed. The commitment was at 2 percent. Ultimately, that'll be going up quite a bit higher than that.So we are -- we made a tremendous amount of progress today. It's been about, at a minimum, they estimate -- and they're going to be giving you exact numbers -- but since last year, they've raise an additional $33 billion that's been put up by the various countries, not including the United States.And the United States' commitment to NATO is very strong, remains very strong, but primarily because everyone -- the spirit they have, the amount of money they're willing to spend, the additional money that they will be putting up has been really, really amazing to see it. To see the level of spirit in that room is incredible.And I hope that we're going to be able to get along with Russia. I think that we probably will be able to. The people in the room think so, but they nevertheless -- they really stepped up their commitment, and stepped it up like they never have before.So took in an addition $33 [billion]. The number could actually be higher than $40 [billion] when they give you the final number. The Secretary General, Stoltenberg, will be giving those numbers sometime today, probably in his concluding press statement.But we are doing numbers like they've never done before or ever seen before. And you'll be seeing that, and I guess you'll be hearing that a little bit later.Okay. We have our Secretary of State, as you know, and we have -- John is here. So if you have any questions for the three of us. Mike Pompeo just got back from a third trip, as you know, to North Korea. He's become a true expert on the trips to North Korea -- the best way to get there, the best way to get out. And he gets along very well. And he's doing a great job over there. Yes, ma'am.Yes.I told people that I'd be very unhappy if they didn't up their commitments very substantially, because the United States has been paying a tremendous amount, probably 90 percent of the cost of NATO. And now, people are going to start and countries are going to start upping their commitments.So I let them know yesterday, actually. I was surprised that you didn't pick it up; it took until today. But yesterday, I let them know that I was extremely unhappy with what was happening, and they have substantially upped their commitment, yeah. And now we're very happy and have a very, very powerful, very, very strong NATO, much stronger than it was two days ago. Yes, ma'am.Yes, hi. How are you?I know. You're very famous on television.Well, they were probably worried because the United States was not being treated fairly, but now we are, because the commitment has been upped so much. So now they are. And I was very firm yesterday.You have to understand, I know a lot of the people in the room. I was here last year. I let them know last year -- in a less firm manner, but pretty firm -- and they raised an additional $33 billion, I think going to $40 billion. But it's $33 billion as of today. And then today and yesterday, I was probably a little bit more firm.But I believe in NATO. I think NATO is a very important -- probably the greatest ever done. But the United States was paying for anywhere from 70 to 90 percent of it, depending on the way you calculate. That's not fair to the United States.In addition to that, as you know, we're in negotiations with the EU, and we're going to be meeting with them next week. We've been treated very unfairly on trade. Our farmers have been shut out of the European Union. Now, you could say they're different, but basically, to a large extent, they're the same countries.So I think we're going to be ultimately treated fairly on trade. We'll see what happens, but I can tell you that NATO now is really a fine-tuned machine. People are paying money that they never paid before. They're happy to do it. And the United States is being treated much more fairly. Yes, sir.Well, if you consider putting up tremendously -- you know, the additional funds at a level that nobody has ever seen before, I don't think that's helping Russia. I think that NATO is much stronger now than it was two days ago. I think that NATO was not doing what they were supposed to be doing -- a lot of the countries. And we were doing much more than we should have been doing.Frankly, we were carrying too much of a burden. That's why we call it "burden-sharing." I was using the term a lot today. "Burden-sharing." We had a fantastic meeting at the end -- 29 countries. And they are putting up a lot. Germany has increased very substantially their time period, and Germany is coming along. And we still have to figure out what's going on with the pipeline, because the pipeline is coming in from Russia.So we're going to have to figure that out. I brought it up; nobody brought it up but me, and we all are talking about it now. And actually, I think the world is talking about it now maybe more than anything else. But we're going to figure that out.But -- and, frankly, maybe everybody is going to have a good relationship with Russia so there will be a lot less problem with the pipeline. But, to me, that was a very major point of contention. We discussed it at length today. Germany has agreed to do a lot better than they were doing, and we're very happy with that. We had a very good relationship with Angela Merkel. Yes.Yeah, go ahead.Yes. After all these years, I know, Margaret. Go ahead.I think I probably can, but that's unnecessary. And the people have stepped up today like they've never stepped up before. And remember the word -- $33 billion more, they're paying. And you'll hear that from the Secretary General in a little while. He thanked me actually. He actually thanked me. And everybody in the room thanked me. There's a great collegial spirit in that room that I don't think they've had in many years. They're very strong. So, yeah, very unified, very strong. No problem. Right? Yes, go ahead.No problem. Go ahead.So what they're doing is spending at a much faster clip. They're going up to the 2 percent level. Now, you have to understand, some of them have parliaments, they have their own congresses, they have a lot of things they have to go through. So, you know, they're here as prime minister or a as a president, and they can't necessarily go in and say, this is what we're going to do. But they're going back for approvals.Some are at 2 percent; others have agreed definitely to go to 2 percent. And some are going back to get the approval, and which they will get, to go to 2 percent. After the 2 percent, we'll start talking about going higher. But I said, ultimately we should be, in years -- in advance -- we should be at 4 percent. I think 4 percent, it's the right number.Now, the United States -- depending on the way you calculate it -- was at 4.2 percent. And I said, that's unfair. And we have the largest GDP by far, especially since we've increased it by so much since a thing called the election. Our GDP has gone way up. And so the fact that our GDP went way up, that means we're paying for even more, which is very unfair. So I explained that.We will go to much higher than 2 percent into the future, but right now we're getting people up to 2 percent, and that will take place over a fairly short period of time -- a short number of years. Okay? Yeah, go ahead.Congratulations, by the way.On soccer.No, that's other people that do that. I don't. I'm very consistent. I'm a very stable genius. [Laughter] Go ahead. Yeah, go ahead.Hi, Jeremy.No, many of them -- in fact, Germany was going to be in the year 2028 or '30. Yeah, I think it's a very effective way to deal, but I didn't deal exactly the way you said. I have great respect for Germany. My father is from Germany. Both of my parents are from the EU, despite the fact they don't treat us well on trade.But I think that will change also, and I think we'll see that -- because on the 25th of July, they're coming in to start negotiations with me. We'll see. And if they don't negotiate in good faith, we'll do something having to do with all of the millions of cars that are coming into our country and being taxed at a virtually zero level, at a very low level.But, Jeremy, I think it's been a very effective way of negotiating. But I'm not negotiating; I just want fairness for the United States. We're paying for far too much of NATO. NATO is very important. But NATO is helping Europe more than it's helping us. At the same time, it's very good for us.So we have now got it to a point where people are paying a lot more money, and that's starting -- really, last year. It really had -- you were there last year. And last year we had a big impact. Again, we took in $33 billion more. And if you ask Secretary General Stoltenberg, he gives us total credit -- meaning me, I guess, in this case, total credit -- because I said it was unfair.Now, what has happened is, presidents over many years, from Ronald Reagan to Barack Obama, they came in, they said, "Okay, hey, do the best you can," and they left. Nobody did anything about it. And it got to a point where the United States was paying for 90 percent of NATO. And that's not fair. So it's changedWe had a really good meeting today. We had a great meeting in terms of getting along. I know most of the people in the room because of last year, because of the year and a half that we've been in office -- year and a half-plus. But we have a great relationship. Everybody in that room, by the time we left, got along. And they agreed to pay more, and they agreed to pay it more quickly. Yeah, go ahead, Phil.I think it's another very strong ally, as together it's much stronger than, obviously, individual countries. I think it's -- the way we have it now, I think it's a much -- I think NATO got -- you know what was happening with spending prior to my getting into office. The numbers were going down. Now the numbers have gone up like a rocket ship. The numbers have gone up a lot, and they've gone up rapidly. And they're now going up further.So I think NATO is going to be very, very effective. I'm very impressed with -- and really know, and he's a friend mine -- but Secretary General Stoltenberg has done a fantastic job and putting it all together. And we were the ones that really -- we gave him an extension of his contract, as you know. I think he's done a really good job.I think that when I was saying that I am very concerned with the pipeline, I don't like the pipeline. And when I talk about NATO, I say, how do you have NATO? And then you have somebody paying the people that you're protecting against. But maybe we'll get along with the group that we're protecting against. I think that's a real possibility.As you know, I'm meeting with President Putin on Monday. And I think we go into that meeting not looking for so much. We want to find out about Syria. We will, of course, ask your favorite question about meddling. I will be asking that question again. But we'll also be talking about other things. We'll be talking about Ukraine. Ukraine was here today, by the way. And, you know, it was very interesting to hear what they had to say?Excuse me?Well, he may. I mean, look, he may. You know, what am I going to do? He may deny it. I mean, it's one of those things. All I can do is say, "Did you" and "Don't do it again." But he may deny it. You'll be the first to know. Okay? Yes, go ahead.Yes. Hi, Robert.Well, they will. They will. I have no doubt about it. They all made commitments. And they will be up to 2 percent. It will be over a period -- a relatively short period of years. Okay?Yes, go ahead.Georgia? They were here today, representing.Well, they were here. They made a very favorable impression. And we listened to their plight. It's a tough situation with Georgia. But they made a very fair verbal impression in the room. Okay? Yeah, go ahead. Go. Go. Go ahead.Yeah, you really did. Come on. Go ahead. Go ahead.Go ahead.Oh, that's an interesting question -- because long before I got here, President Obama allowed that to happen. That was on his watch, not on my watch. You know, people like to say, "Oh, Crimea." But the fact is, they built bridges to Crimea. They just opened a big bridge that was started years ago. They built, I think, a submarine port; substantially added billions of dollars.So that was on Barack Obama's watch. That was not on Trump's watch. Would I have allowed it to happen? No, I would not have allowed it to happen. But he did allow it to happen, so that was his determination. What will happen with Crimea from this point on? That I can't tell you. But I'm not happy about Crimea. But again, that was on Barack Obama's watch, not Trump's watch. Yeah, go ahead. Sure.Sure. I know, Jeff.Yes.Yes.Well, perhaps we'll talk about that. But I will say that we are going to be talking about those three issues and many more. We'll be talking about it, Jeff. Go ahead. Go ahead.Well, the money will be spent properly. And one of the things that we have -- we have many wealthy countries with us today, but we have some that aren't so wealthy. And they did ask if they could buy the military equipment and could I help them out. And we will help them out a little bit. We're not going to finance it for them, but we'll make sure that they're able to get payments and various other things so they can buy.Because the United States makes, by far, the best military equipment in the world. The best jets, the best missiles, the best guns. The best everything -- we make, by far. I mean, that's one thing -- I guess I assumed it prior to taking office, but I really learned, since being President, our equipment is so much better than anybody else's equipment when you look at our companies -- Lockheed and Boeing and Grumman.The material -- the equipment that we make is so far superior, everybody wants to buy our equipment. In fact, it's the question, can they make it? Because they are doing very well. Can they make it for so many people? So we are helping some of those countries get on line and buy the best equipment. Yeah, go ahead.Yeah. Just the opposite of concern. They actually -- and they'll probably come out with a little bit of an edict -- but they actually thanked me for meeting with President Putin. I look forward to the meeting. They thanked me. They thought it was a great thing that I was doing it. And they gave us our best wishes, or their best wishes.Now, with that being said, we'll see that happens. Just a loose meeting. It's not going to be big schedule. I don't think it should take a very long period of time. And we'll see where it leads. But it could lead to productive -- something very productive. And maybe it's not.But I think meeting with people is great. We had a great meeting with Chairman Kim. And I'll tell you, Mike Pompeo did a fantastic job. I might ask you to say a few words, Mike, while you're here. Just one second. Mike, go ahead.I think, just to finish on that, you know, it's so important. That was an amazing -- really, an amazing meeting, I though. And I really think that we established a very good relationship. We'll see where it all ends. But there have been no missile tests. There have been no research. Where there has been -- they have blown up a site; I hear they're blowing up another site, missile site.They've taken down all of the propaganda. In fact, somebody said there's no more music playing at the border line. You know, the music was going on for many years. They said recently that, "Wow, there's no more of the heavy music and the propaganda." They've done a lot of things. And we got back our three hostages.So it's a good process. But the main thing is there have been no rocket launches. There have been no missile tests. There's been no nuclear tests, no explosions, no nothing, for almost nine months. Okay. Yeah, please.I think it's fine. I mean, I think they like me a lot in the UK. I think they agree with me on immigration. I'm very strong on immigration. I made a point today -- I said, you've got to stop. You're ruining your -- you're going to have a lot of problems. You see what's going on throughout the world with immigration. I probably, at least partially, won an election because of immigration.If you look at Italy -- Giuseppe, who I got to know quite well over the last month and a half, he won his election because of strong immigration policies on Italy. I think that a lot of the people in the UK -- I think that's why Brexit happened. Now, I don't know what's going on with the negotiation. Who knows. But -- and I guess that's become a very interesting point of contentionI said I'm going to a few hotspots. We have NATO, then we have the UK, and then we have Putin. And I said, Putin may be the easiest of them all. You never know. But I'm going to a pretty hotspot right now, right, with a lot of resignations.But I will say that immigration is a very important thing, and I told them today, the EU -- the European Union -- better be very careful, because immigration is taking over Europe, and they better be very, very careful. And I said that loud and clear. Yes, go ahead.Well, I think he's going to see about this summit -- this has turned out to be a very successful summit. This is -- I think, really, that NATO is more put together right now, is more coordinated. And I think there's a better spirit for NATO right now than perhaps they've ever had. It's richer than it ever was. The commitments are made at a higher level than they've ever been made. And the money, it will be paid out faster -- far faster.You know, the 2 percent was a range, a goal. It wasn't something that they were committed to. Now it's a commitment. There's a big difference -- the 2 percent number. And that's why so many people weren't reaching it or hitting it. It was just sort of like this amorphous number out there. Now it's a commitment, a real commitment.I think he's going to see that there's great unity, great spirit, great esprit de corps. And I think we're going to have a good meeting. Regardless of that, I think we're going to have a good meeting.But this was a fantastic two days. This was a really fantastic -- it all came together at the end. And, yes, it was a little tough for a little while, but ultimately -- you can ask anybody at that meeting -- they're really liking what happened over the last two days. There's a great, great spirit leaving that room. Yes, sir. Go ahead. Please.Well, he's a competitor. He's been very nice to me the times I've met him. I've been nice to him. He's a competitor. You know, somebody was saying, "Is he an enemy?" No, he's not my enemy. "Is he a friend?" No, I don't know him well enough. But the couple of times that I've gotten to meet him, we got along very well. You saw that.I hope we get along well. I think we get along well. But ultimately, he's a competitor. He's representing Russia. I'm representing the United States. So in a sense, we're competitors. Not a question of friend or enemy. He's not my enemy. And hopefully, someday, maybe he'll be a friend. It could happen. But I -- I just don't know him very well. I've met him a couple of times. And when I did meet him, most of you people were there. Yes.Well, Brexit is a -- you know, I've been reading a lot about Brexit over the last couple of days, and it seems to be turning a little bit differently where they're getting at least partially involved back with the European Union.I have no message. It's not for me to say. I own a lot of property there. I'm going to Scotland while I wait for the meeting. I have Turnberry in Scotland, which is a magical place -- one of my favorite places. I'm going there for two days while I wait for the Monday meeting.But it's not for me to say what they should be doing in the UK. I have great friendships. My mother was born in Scotland. I have great friendships over there. We have a wonderful ambassador -- Woody Johnson. And he's doing -- by the way, Woody is doing a great job. But it's not for me to say. I'd like to see him be able to work it so it could go quickly, whatever they work out.Is it heartbreaking?Oh, hard Brexit. I see. [Laughter] I thought you said it was heartbreaking. I said, that might be going a little bit too far, right? [Laughter] Heartbreak. Is it heartbreaking? A lot of things are heartbreaking.No, I would say that Brexit is Brexit. It's not like -- I guess we'll use the term "hard Brexit." I assume that's what you mean. The people voted to break it up, so I would imagine that's what they'll do. But maybe they're taking a little bit of a different route. So I don't know if that's what they voted for.I just want the people to be happy. They're great people. And I do think I have -- I'm sure there will be protests, because there are always protests. But I think -- there were protests the night of the election, both ways. But in the end, we got 206 electoral -- 306 electoral votes.And one state said -- you know, it was interesting, one of the states we won, Wisconsin -- I didn't even realize this until fairly recently -- that was the one state Ronald Reagan didn't win when he ran the board his second time. He didn't win Wisconsin, and we won Wisconsin. So, you know, we had a great night.Protests? There might be protests. But I believe that the people in the UK -- Scotland, Ireland. As you know, I have property in Ireland; I have property all over.I think that those people, they like me a lot, and they agree with me on immigration. And I think that's why you have Brexit in the first place, because of immigration. Yes, ma'am. Yeah, go ahead.Well, I can't tell you what would be the ultimate. What would be the ultimate? Well, let's see: No more nuclear weapons anywhere in the world would be the ultimate, okay? No more wars, no more problems, no more conflict. Let's find a cure to every disease known to mankind, or womankind. That would be my ultimate, okay? And we'll start from there. Okay. Yeah, go ahead.He's here right now. He's here right now.Yes.Ghani.I agree with that. I very much agree. It's been going on for a long time. We've made a lot of progress, but it's been going on for a long time. We've made a lot of progress in Afghanistan, I will say. Yes, your President is here right now. In fact, he's in the room. When I'm finished with this, I'm going right back into that room.Well, at a certain point they'll have a chance. Not right now. They just left the room. But at a certain point, they'll have a chance. Yes, sir. Go ahead.I think the Kurds are great people. They're incredible fighters. They're wonderful, warm, intelligent -- allies, in many cases. As you know, it's different groups of people. But they're great people. I really do -- I believe they're great people. Yes, go ahead, please.He's a competitor.Hey, I don't want him to be. And that's, I guess, why we have NATO, and that's why we have a United States that just had the largest military budget ever -- $700 billion approved; $716 billion next year.No, I hope that we'll be able to get along. I've said from day one, whether it's China or Russia -- you know, we're working on trade with China right now, and I don't say that's an easy situation, because that's been years of abuse of the United States by presidents, frankly, that allowed that to happen. So I've taken over a lot of bad hands, and I'm fixing each one of them and I'm fixing them well.But China is going to be, I think, very successfully, ultimately, taken care of. I have a great respect for their President, as you know -- President Xi. I spent two days there. It was among the most magical two days I've ever lived. And I think we're going to end up doing something very good with China. Right now, we're in a pretty nasty trade battle, but I think ultimately that will work out. I really think we have a big advantage.You know, we've picked up $8 trillion in value, in worth, since I became President. And we're close to two times the size of China. A lot of people don't know that. And, you know, we're going to negotiate a fair deal, if that's possible. Okay. And Russia -- I think getting along with Russia also would be a very good thing. Yes, go ahead.I would say there might be an escalation between us and the Iranians. I agree with that.By the way, they're treating us with much more respect right now than they did in the past. And I think -- I know they're having a lot of problems and their economy is collapsing. But I will tell you this: At a certain point, they're going to call me and they're going to say, "Let's make a deal," and we'll make a deal. But they are -- they're feeling a lot of pain right now. Yes. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead.We never talk about our future plans. Yes, go ahead, ma'am. Go ahead. Go ahead.So I hope we get along well with Iraq. We've certainly spent a great fortune in Iraq. And many, many lives -- thousands and hundreds of thousands of lives, if you think on both sides, which I always think about both sides, not just our side. And they had an election, and I hope we're going to be able to get along, and we'll see how that goes.We've already been talking to the people that won the election. I was not in favor of that war. I was very much against that war. I never thought it was a good thing. But that's another deck of cards that I inherited, and we'll do the best we can with it. I think the election was pretty conclusive. And again, we've spoken to them. We'll see what happens. Yes, sir. Go ahead. Go ahead.We're looking for peace. And Africa, as you know, is on our very strong list. But we're looking for peace. We want peace all over. We want to solve problems. We're looking for peace. Africa, right now, has got problems like few people would even understand. They have things going on there that nobody could believe in this room.If you saw some of the things that I see through intelligence, what's going on in Africa, it is so sad and so vicious and violent. And we want peace. We want peace for Africa. We want peace all over the world. That's my number-one goal: peace all over the world.And we're building up a tremendous military, because I really believe, through strength, you get peace. But we're going to have a military like we've never had before. We've given out orders for the best fighter jets in the world, the best ships, the best everything.But hopefully we'll never have to use them. That would be a dream. To buy the best stuff, to have the best stuff, to have the best equipment in the world, and to never have to use it would be a really great part of my dream. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you. I'm going to be going -- leaving in about a half an hour. Thank you.Well, it's going to be an interesting time in the UK, and it's certainly going to be an interesting time with NATO. NATO has not treated us fairly, but I think we'll work something out. We pay far too much and they pay far too little. But we will work it out, and all countries will be happy. With the UK, that's a situation that's been going on for a long time.So I have NATO, I have the UK, which is in somewhat turmoil, and I have Putin. Frankly, Putin may be the easiest of them all. Who would think? Who would think? But the UK certainly has a -- they have a lot of things going on.I have not. No, I have not. But Boris Johnson is a friend of mine. He's been very, very nice to me and very supportive. And maybe we'll speak to him when I get over there. I like Boris Johnson. I've always liked him.Well, that's up to the people. I get along with her very well. I have a very good relationship. That's certainly up to the people, not up to me.Well, we do have a lot of allies, but we cannot be taken advantage of. We're being taken advantage of by the European Union. We lost $151 billion last year on trade. And on top of that, we spend at least 70 percent for NATO. And, frankly, it helps them a lot more than it helps us. So we'll see what happens. We have a long, beautiful week.I will say also, last night was an incredible evening. Brett Kavanaugh has gotten rave reviews -- rave reviews -- actually, from both sides. And I think it's going to be a beautiful thing to watch over the next month. But he has gotten rave reviews.I really can't say right now. As far as I'm concerned, a competitor. A competitor. I think that getting along with Russia, getting along with China, getting along with others is a good thing, not a bad thing. I've said that many times for many years. So we'll see. We're meeting with Vladimir Putin on Monday. We'll see how that goes.They didn't give it. I have it for him. They didn't give it. But it will be given at a certain period. I actually do -- I actually do have a little gift for him, but you'll find out what that gift is when I give it.No, I haven't. I really haven't. We haven't discussed it.Well, I have a solution: Tell people not to come to our country illegally. That's the solution. Don't come to our country illegally. Come like other people do; come legally.I'm saying this, very simply: We have laws. We have borders. Don't come to our country illegally. It's not a good thing. And as far as ICE is concerned, the people that are fighting ICE, it's a disgrace. These people go into harm's way. There is nobody under greater danger than the people from ICE. What they do to MS-13 and everything else.So we ought to support ICE, not do what the Democrats are doing. Democrats want open borders, and they don't mind crime. We want no crime, and we want borders where borders mean something. And remember this: Without borders, you do not have a country.  Thank you, everybody.Scott Pruitt did an outstanding job inside of the EPA. We've gotten rid of record breaking regulations and it's been really GOOD. You know, obviously the controversies with Scott but within the agency we were extremely happy.His deputy has been with me actually a long time. He was very much an early Trump supporter. He was with us on the campaign. He is a very environmental person. He's a big believer, and he's going to do a fantastic job.No final straw. I think Scott saw that he was, he was, uh– look, Scott is a terrific guy. And he came ot me and he said I have such great confidence in the administration. I don't want to be a distraction. And I think Scott felt that he was a distraction.It was very much up to him.A couple of days. We've been talking about it for a little while. He'll go on to great things and he's going to have a wonderful life, I hope. But he felt that he did not want to be a distraction for an administration that he has a lot of faith in.When I took office, you can quote me on this, North Korea was doing tremendous testing, tremendous missile launches. And you can ask President Obama, he was very close to going to war and he would have lost 50 million people, plus... The rhetoric was very strong. In the meantime for eight months you've had not one rocket launch, missile launch and you haven't had one nuclear test.We'll see. We'll see. All I can tell you is this. You ahven't had one missile launch and you haven't had one rocket launch.I had a very good feeling about him from the standpoint -- I shook his hand. I thought we got along very well. I thought we had a good chemistry together. I think we understand each other. I really believe that he sees a different future for North Korea. I hope that's true. If that's not true we'll go back to the other way.Under the Obama administration they were launching missiles, they were testing. They're not doing that anymore. That could start tomorrow. Who knows. And if it does, I won't be happy. But for eight months there's been not one rocket or missile launch or there hasn't been a nuclear test. And other things have happened including last week, taking down the anti-US propaganda.I'll say on the record that I am interviewing some extraordinarily talented and brilliant people and I'm very, very happy with them and we will pick somebody who will be outstanding, hopefully for many years to come.Very close. We're going to do it at 9 pm in the White House.I think I have it down to four people and I think of the four people, I have it down to three or two. I think they're all outstanding. Honestly I could pick any of the 25 and they would be terrific. Those are very terrific people. The whole list is extraordinary.I don't want say the four. But I have it down to four. I'll have a decision made in my mind by Sunday. We'll announce it on Monday. I'll give you the answer.I was thinking about it. I doubt it. Unlikely. [The president followed up about visitors at Bedminster] We're going to go over the Supreme Court and some other things that we're working on. I do think that something very very exciting is Space Force. There is tremendous excitement about Space Force. We're moving along.34, and then you have another 16 in two weeks and then as you know we have 200 billion in abeyance and then after the 200 billion we have 300 billion in abeyance. Ok? So we have 50 plus 200 plus almost 300. It's only on China.I don't believe them at all. I believe him. Jim Jordan is one of the most outstanding people I've met since I've been in Washington. I believe him 100 percent. No question in my mind. I believe Jim Jordan 100 percent. He's an outstanding man.No, I think that James Comey was [unfair to the people of this country. I think what he did was a disgrace. I think he goes down as the worst FBI Director in history, by far. There's nobody close. And I think I did the country a tremendous favor by firing him.No, I think -- actually, if you take a look, when he totally exonerated her -- because I call it "Comey Three." You had one, two, and then you had Comey three. He totally exonerated her. And if anything he's saying is correct, what she did is they tried to pretend it didn't happen. I would have gone out there and I would have had the greatest news conference in history. They tried to pretend the exoneration didn't happen.Now, the exoneration was incorrect because there's no way they could have checked that number of emails in just a few days. But if you remember, just before the election, he went out and he exonerated her and they didn't even talk about it. That was the greatest political mistake.With all of that being said, I won Wisconsin, I won Michigan, I won states that a Republican hasn't won in many, many decades, years. She didn't do a good job and you never gave me credit for doing a great job. But the fact is, I did a great job.Well, I hope that's not so. And I know they're getting documents. And I purposely -- look, if you see what I've done with North Korea and with the State Department, Mike Pompeo, it's running so well. It's -- I have this running so well. I have purposefully, because of this ridiculous witch hunt, I have said I'm going to stay away from the Justice Department until it's completed. So I wanted to stay away. Now, that doesn't mean I have to, because I don't have to. I can get involved. But I don't want you people to say that I'm interfering, that I'm doing anything.I think that the report yesterday, maybe more importantly than anything, it totally exonerates me. There was no collusion. There was no obstruction. And if you read the report, you'll see that. What you'll really --Excuse me. Wait, wait, wait. What you'll really see is you'll see bias against me and millions and tens of millions of my followers. That is really a disgrace. And yet, if you go -- and yet, if you look at the FBI, and you went in and you called the FBI -- the real FBI -- those guys love me, and I love them.No, but I think that whole investigation now is -- look, the problem with the Mueller investigation is everybody has got massive conflicts. You have Weissmann who was at Hillary Clinton's funeral, meaning, her party that turned into a funeral. And they were screaming and crying and they were going crazy. How can you have people like this? So you have -- I call them the "13 Angry Democrats." You have a tremendous animosity.Now, here's the good news: I did nothing wrong. There was no collusion. There was no obstruction. The IG report yesterday went a long way to show that. And I think that the Mueller investigation has been totally discredited.Yeah.You know why? Because I don't want to see a nuclear weapon destroy you or your family. I don't want to see --Excuse me. Because I don't want to see a nuclear weapon destroy you and your family. I want to have a good relationship with North Korea. I want to have a good relationship with many other countries. And what I've done, if you remember, if you're fair, which most of you aren't -- but if you're fair, when I came in, people thought we were probably going to war with North Korea. If we did --Quiet. Quiet. Quiet. If we did, millions of people would have been killed. I don't mean like -- you know, people are saying 100,000. Seoul has 28 million people 30 miles off the border. You would have had 30, 40, 50 million people killed. Who knows what would have happened?I came in; that was what I inherited. I should have never inherited. That should have been solved long before I got there. I did a great job this week. The fake news said, "Oh, you met." But the only thing they saw that I gave up -- one broadcast said, "He gave up so much." You know what I gave up? I met. I met.We had great chemistry. He gave us a lot. You haven't had a missile test in seven months. You haven't had a firing. You haven't had a nuclear test in eight and a half months. You haven't had missiles flying over Japan. He gave us the remains of our great heroes. I have had so many people begging me -- parents, and fathers, mothers, daughters, sons -- wherever I went, "Could you please get the remains of my boy back?" They're giving them back. Nobody thought that was possible.Wait, wait. They're doing so much. And now we're well on our way to denuclearization. And the agreement says there will be total denuclearization. Nobody wants to report that. So the only thing I did was I met. I got along with him great. He is great. We have a great chemistry together. That's a good thing, not a bad thing.I can't speak to that. I can only speak to the fact that we signed an incredible agreement. It's great. And it's going to be great for them, too. Because now North Korea can develop and North Korea can become a great country economically. It can become whatever they want. But there won't be nuclear weapons and they won't be aimed at you and your families.That was my offer. Just so you understand. Military --Okay, you want to hear?Okay? Military -- I call them "war games." I hated them from the day I came in. I said, why aren't we being reimbursed?That's my term.They might use it. We pay for it. We pay millions and millions of dollars for planes, and all of this. It's my term. I said, I'd like to halt it because it's bad to be negotiating and doing it. It costs us a lot of money. I saved lot of money. That's a good thing for us. Okay, go ahead.I'm kidding. You don't understand sarcasm. Who are you with? Wait, wait, who are you with? Who are you with?You're with CNN! Hey, you are the worst.Wait, wait, we have time.Well, I feel badly about a lot of them, because I think a lot of it is very unfair. I mean, I look at some of them where they go back 12 years. Like Manafort has nothing to do with our campaign. But I feel so -- I tell you, I feel a little badly about it. They went back 12 years to get things that he did 12 years ago?You know, Paul Manafort worked for me for a very short period of time. He worked for Ronald Reagan. He worked for Bob Dole. He worked for John McCain, or his firm did. He worked for many other Republicans. He worked for me, what, for 49 days or something? A very short period of time.I feel badly for some people, because they've gone back 12 years to find things about somebody, and I don't think it's right. I don't think it's right that they burst into a lawyer's office on a weekend and early in the morning. I never heard of that before. I mean, could you imagine if they burst into Barack Obama's lawyer's office? It would not be acceptable. It would not be acceptable. I mean, that's really a terrible thing.Now, I feel badly for a lot of those people. I feel badly for General Flynn. He's lost his house. He's lost his life. And some people say he lied, and some people say he didn't lie. I mean, really, it turned out maybe he didn't lie. So how can you do that? How can you do that -- because who has lied more than Comey? I mean, Comey lied a tremendous amount.I don't want to talk about that. No, I don't want to talk about that. They'll [Inaudible]. But look, I do want to see people treated fairly. That's what it's all about.I mentioned the other day -- you saw what I did with the woman -- she's in jail for 23 years on charges where other people are out after three months. I thought it was a very unfair. It was brought to -- and she had another 20 years left, okay? She was 63 years old.What?Well, I'm looking at them too, if you don't mind. I'm looking at them too.One second.Look, I did nothing wrong. You have to understand, this stuff would have come out a long time ago. I did nothing wrong. I don't do anything wrong.It's really nice.I always liked Michael Cohen. I haven't spoken to Michael in a long time.No, he's not my lawyer anymore. But I always liked Michael, and he's a good person. And I think he's been --Excuse me, do you mind if I talk?You're asking me a question; I'm trying to ask it.No, I'm not worried because I did nothing wrong.Nothing wrong.Let's not talk about it. You know what that is?It's irrelevant. It's a statement to the New York Times -- the phony, failing New York Times.Just wait a minute. Wait a minute. That's not a statement to a high tribunal of judges.That's a statement to the phony New York Times. In fact, frankly, he shouldn't even speak to the New York Times because they only write phony stories anyway, although yesterday they wrote a nice story about what a [Inaudible].Look, if you read the IG report, I've been totally exonerated. As far as I'm concerned --Take a little at it. Take -- no, take a look at the investigation. Take a look at how it started. Take a look at the horrible statements that Peter Strzok, the chief investigator, said. And take a look at what he did with Hillary Clinton. Take a look at --I'll tell you what -- you're asking me about Peter Strzok being fired. I am amazed that Peter Strzok is still at the FBI, and so is everybody else that read that report. And I'm not even talking about the report; I'm talking about long before the report. Peter Strzok should have been fired a long time ago, and others should have been fired.I'm looking at Scott, and Scott has done a fantastic job at EPA, but -- you know, we'll -- we'll make --I'm not happy about certain things, I'll be honest.Excuse me. Excuse me. I'm not happy about certain things. But he's done a fantastic job running the EPA, which is very overriding. But I am not happy about it.I hope not.No, I hate it. I hate the children being taken away. The Democrats have to change their law. That's their law. They will force --Quiet. Quiet. That's the Democrats' law. We can change it tonight. We can change it right now. I will leave here --I will leave here -- no, no. You need their votes. You need their votes. The Democrats, all they have to do --Excuse me. By one vote? We don't need it. You need 60 votes.Excuse me. We have the one vote -- excuse me. We need a one-vote -- we have a one-vote edge. We need 60. So we need 10 votes. We can't get them from the Democrats.Now, wait. Wait. You can't do it through an executive order.Can we do one question at a time? Wait. One question at a time.The children can be taken care of quickly, beautifully, and immediately. The Democrats forced that law upon our nation. I hate it. I hate to see separation of parents and children. The Democrats can come to us as they actually are -- in all fairness, we are talking to them -- and they can change the whole border security.We need a wall. We need border security. We got to get rid of catch-and-release. You catch a criminal, you take his name, you release him, and he never shows up again. He goes into our society, and then we end up getting him in a different way, oftentimes after he's killed somebody. We've got to change our laws. The Democrats have control because we don't have the votes. The Republicans need -- we need more Republicans, frankly. And that's why I think we're going to do so well in the midterms. That and because --Wait. That and because we have the strongest economy in the history of our nation. We have the best jobs numbers in the last 44 years. Top of Drudge: "The best job numbers in 44 years."Because he's following the law.No.No. He's following laws. He following a law that --Can I answer your question, please?Okay? You're just asking me the same question over and over. He's following laws, very simply, that were given to us and forced upon us by the Democrats.The Democrats gave us the laws. Now, I want the laws to be beautiful, humane, but strong. I don't want bad people coming in. I don't want drugs coming in. And we can solve that problem in one meeting. Tell the Democrats, your friends, to call me.Well, I'm going to speak to people in North Korea, and I'm going to speak to my people who are over in North Korea. A lot of things are happening.And I will tell you this: We now have a very good relationship with North Korea. When I came into this job, it looked like war -- not because of me, but because -- if you remember the sit-down with Barack Obama, I think you will admit this, he said the biggest problem that the United States has, and by far the most dangerous problem -- and he said to me -- that we've ever had, because of nuclear, is North Korea.Now, that was shortly before I entered office. I have solved that problem. Now, we're getting it memorialized and all, but that problem is largely solved, and part of the reason is we signed, number one, a very good document. But you know what? More importantly than the document -- more importantly than the document, I have a good relationship with Kim Jong Un. That's a very important thing.Donald TrumpPeople are shocked that this is the kind of -- you know, they thought Trump was going to get in and he was going to start throwing bombs all over the place. It's actually the opposite.But we're building a military so strong -- $716 billion next year; $700 [billion] this year. We're building a military so strong, nobody is going to mess with us. But you know what? I never want to have to use it.Quiet.We're going to have a very strong verification process.Now, if you read the agreement, which most of you didn't, point after point after point he gave, including getting back our -- the remains of our great heroes, okay? Of our great, great heroes. Which made -- some people are crying in the streets they're so happy. Nobody thought we were going to get that. Point after point.All they said about me is, "You met. He met. It's terrible you met." Of course I met. Meeting is a good thing, not a bad thing. By the way, it was good for the United States; it was good for them.I spoke with China. They are very happy. Actually, they were much happier. Now, they may not be as happy today because of what I'm doing with trade. You probably heard that. I assume it's been announced by now. But we're putting tariffs on 50 billion dollars' worth of technology and other things because we have to, because we've been treated very unfairly.But China has been terrific. President Xi has been terrific. President Moon, everybody -- we're all working together because of me.Well, we're working it as fast as possible.We're working it as fast as possible.We're working that. We're working denuclearization as fast as possible.It's possible that we'll meet, yeah. And I thought -- you know, this all started because somebody -- one of you -- asked, "Should Putin be in the G7?" I said, no, he should be in the G8.A few years ago, Putin was in what was called the G8. I think it's better to have Russia in than to have Russia out, because just like North Korea, just like somebody else, it's much better if we get along with them than if we don't. So it's possible. Just so you understand --No, no. President Obama lost Crimea, just so you understand. This was long before I got there. Just -- I want to make it so the fake news prints it properly. President Obama lost Crimea.Wait, wait. That's his fault. Yeah, yeah, it's his fault. Yeah, it's his fault.The President -- just so you understand --Because -- because Putin didn't respect President Obama. President Obama lost Crimea because President Putin didn't respect President Obama, didn't respect our country, and didn't respect Ukraine.But President Obama, not Trump -- when it's my fault, I'll tell you. But President Obama gave away that. Now, President Obama, by not going across the red line in the sand that he drew -- I went across it with the 59 missile hits.But President Obama, when he didn't go across the red line, what he gave away, nobody even knows. But just to put it -- one more time, President Obama gave away Crimea. That should have never happened. Goodbye everybody.Well, thank you very much, everybody. We appreciate it. We're getting ready to go back. We had a tremendous 24 hours. We've had a tremendous three months, actually, because this has been going on for quite a while. That was a tape that we gave to Chairman Kim and his people, his representatives. And it captures a lot. It captures what could be done. And that's a great -- a great place. It has the potential to be an incredible place. Between South Korea -- if you think about it -- and China, it's got tremendous potential. And I think he understands that and he wants to do what's right.It's my honor today to address the people of the world, following this very historic summit with Chairman Kim Jong Un of North Korea. We spent very intensive hours together, and I think most of you have gotten the signed document, or you will very shortly. It's very comprehensive. It's going to happen.I stand before you as an emissary of the American people to deliver a message of hope and vision, and a message of peace.Let me begin by thanking our incredible hosts in Singapore, especially Prime Minister Lee, a friend of mine. This is a country of profound grace and beauty, and we send our warmest wishes to every citizen of Singapore, who really made this visit so important and so pleasant, despite all of the work and all of the long hours.I also want to thank President Moon of South Korea. He's working hard. In fact, I'll be speaking to him right after we're finished. Prime Minister Abe of Japan -- a friend of mine -- just left our country, and he wants what's right for Japan and for the world. He's a good man. And a very special person, President Xi of China, who has really closed up that border -- maybe a little bit less so over the last couple of months, but that's okay. But he really has. And he's a terrific person and a friend of mine, and really a great leader of his people. I want to thank them for their efforts to help us get to this very historic day.Most importantly, I want to thank Chairman Kim for taking the first bold step toward a bright new future for his people. Our unprecedented meeting -- the first between an American President and a leader of North Korea -- proves that real change is indeed possible.My meeting with Chairman Kim was honest, direct, and productive. We got to know each other well in a very confined period of time, under very strong, strong circumstance. We're prepared to start a new history and we're ready to write a new chapter between our nations.Nearly 70 years ago -- think of that; 70 years ago -- an extremely bloody conflict ravaged the Korean Peninsula. Countless people died in the conflict, including tens of thousands of brave Americans. Yet, while the armistice was agreed to, the war never ended. To this day, never ended. But now we can all have hope that it will soon end. And it will. It will soon end.The past does not have to define the future. Yesterday's conflict does not have to be tomorrow's war. And as history has proven over and over again, adversaries can indeed become friends. We can honor the sacrifice of our forefathers by replacing the horrors of battle with the blessings of peace. And that's what we're doing and that's what we have done.There is no limit to what North Korea can achieve when it gives up its nuclear weapons and embraces commerce and engagement with the rest of the world -- that really wants to engage. Chairman Kim has before him an opportunity like no other: to be remembered as the leader who ushered in a glorious new era of security and prosperity for his people.Chairman Kim and I just signed a joint statement in which he reaffirmed his "unwavering commitment to complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula." We also agreed to vigorous negotiations to implement the agreement as soon as possible. And he wants to do that. This isn't the past. This isn't another administration that never got it started and therefore never got it done.Chairman Kim has told me that North Korea is already destroying a major missile engine testing site. That's not in your signed document; we agreed to that after the agreement was signed. That's a big thing -- for the missiles that they were testing, the site is going to be destroyed very soon.Today is the beginning of an arduous process. Our eyes are wide open, but peace is always worth the effort, especially in this case. This should have been done years ago. This should have been resolved a long time ago, but we're resolving it now.Chairman Kim has the chance to seize an incredible future for his people. Anyone can make war, but only the most courageous can make peace.The current state of affairs cannot endure forever. The people of Korea -- North and South -- are profoundly talented, industrious, and gifted. These are truly gifted people. They share the same heritage, language, customs, culture, and destiny. But to realize their amazing destiny, to reunite their national family, the menace of nuclear weapons will now be removed.In the meantime, the sanctions will remain in effect. We dream of a future where all Koreans can live together in harmony, where families are reunited and hopes are reborn, and where the light of peace chases away the darkness of war. This bright future is within -- and this is what's happening. It is right there. It's within our reach. It's going to be there. It's going to happen. People thought this could never take place. It is now taking place. It's a very great day. It's a very great moment in the history of the world.And Chairman Kim is on his way back to North Korea. And I know for a fact, as soon as he arrives, he's going to start a process that's going to make a lot of people very happy and very safe.So it's an honor to be with everybody today. The media -- this is a big gathering of media, I will say. It makes me feel very uncomfortable. [Laughter] But it is what it is. People understand that this is something very important to all of us, including yourselves and your families.So thank you very much for being here. We'll take some questions. Wow. That's a lot of questions. Go ahead. Sure, go ahead. NBC.Well, he is very talented. Anybody that takes over a situation like he did, at 26 years of age, and is able to run it, and run it tough -- I don't say he was nice or I don't say anything about it -- he ran it. Very few people, at that age -- you can take one out of ten thousand, probably, couldn't do it.Otto Warmbier is a very special person, and he will be for a long time, in my life. His parents are good friends of mine. I think, without Otto, this would not have happened. Something happened, from that day. It was a terrible thing. It was brutal. But a lot of people started to focus on what was going on, including North Korea.I really think that Otto is someone who did not die in vain. I told this to his parents. Special young man. And I have to say, special parents, special people. Otto did not die in vain. He had a lot to do with us being here today. Okay? Thank you very much.Go ahead.No.No, we're not reducing anything. We're not reducing. At some point, I have to be honest -- and I used to say this during my campaign, as you know, probably, better than most -- I want to get our soldiers out. I want to bring our soldiers back home. We have, right now, 32,000 soldiers in South Korea, and I'd like to be able to bring them back home. But that's not part of the equation right now. At some point, I hope it will be, but not right now.We will be stopping the war games, which will save us a tremendous amount of money, unless and until we see the future negotiation is not going along like it should. But we'll be saving a tremendous amount of money. Plus, I think it's very provocative.Yes, John. Yes, John, go ahead. Oh, go ahead. I'm sorry, I thought you were John Roberts. I looked at you, you just like --Much better, right?Yes.Yeah.No, not at all. Because if you look at it, I mean, it said we are going to -- let's see here -- it will be gone. I don't think you can be anymore plain than what we're asking -- "issues related to the establishment of the new U.S. DPRK relations" -- the building. We talk about the guarantees, and we talk about "unwavering commitment to the complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula." This is the document that we just signed.Yes, we did. Yes, we did. And we'll be verifying.Yeah, we'll be verifying. It will be verified.Well, it's going to be achieved by having a lot of people there, and as we develop a certain trust. And we think we have done that. Secretary Pompeo has been really doing a fantastic job -- his staff, everybody. As we do that, we're going to have a lot of people there, and we're going to be working with them on a lot of other things. But this is complete denuclearization of North Korea, and it will be verified.Uh, combinations of both. Combinations of both. And we have talked about it, yes.Yeah, go ahead. Be nice. Be respectful.Yeah, I mean, very fair question. He actually mentioned the fact that they proceeded down a path in the past, and, ultimately, as you know, nothing got done. In one case, they took billions of dollars -- during the Clinton regime -- took billions of dollars and nothing happened. That was a terrible thing, and he actually brought it up to me.And he said we have never gone this far. I don't think they've ever had the confidence, frankly, in a President that they have right now for getting things done and having the ability to get things done. And he was very firm in the fact that he wants to do this. I think he might want to do this as much or even more than me because they see a very bright future for North Korea.So you never know. Right? We never know. But I'll tell you what, we signed a very comprehensive document today, and I think most of you have been given that document. But we signed a very, very comprehensive document, and I believe he's going to live up to that document. In fact, when he lands -- which is going to be shortly -- I think that he will start that process right away.I do. I do. I can only say that I know him for -- really well, it's been very rhetorical, as you know. I think, without the rhetoric, it wouldn't have happened. I think without other things going along -- I think the establishment of a new team was very important. We have a great team. But I do, I think he wants to get it done. I really feel that very strongly.Oh, there's John. I think -- you know, you two guys look alike when the light is right on the -- the hair is very similar. Let me see, who has better hair? He's got pretty good hair, John, I hate to --Yes.Yes, it was discussed. It will be discussed more in the future -- human rights. What was also discussed in great detail, John, was that fact that, you know, we have -- and I must have had just countless calls and letters and tweets, anything you can do -- they want the remains of their sons back. They want the remains of their fathers, and mothers, and all of the people that got caught into that really brutal war, which took place, to a large extent, in North Korea. And I asked for it today, and we got it. That was a very last minute. The remains will be coming back. They're going to start that process immediately.But so many people, even during the campaign, they'd say, "Is there any way you can work with North Korea to get the remains of my son back or my father back?" So many people asked me this question. And, you know, I said, "Look, we don't get along too well with that particular group of people." But now we do. And he agreed to that so quickly and so nice -- it was really a very nice thing, and he understands it. He understands it.So for the thousands and thousands -- I guess way over 6,000 that we know of, in terms of the remains, they'll be brought back.Especially to a lot of people that are --Right. It was discussed. It was discussed relatively briefly compared to denuclearization. Well, obviously, that's where we started and where we ended. But they will be doing things, and I think he wants to do things. I think he wants to -- you'd be very surprised. Very smart. Very good negotiator. Wants to do the right thing.You know, he brought up the fact that, in the past, they took dialogue far -- they never went -- they never were like we are. There's never been anything like what's taken place now. But they went down the line. Billions of dollars were given, and you know, the following day the nuclear program continued. But this is a much different time, and this is a much different President, in all fairness. This is very important to me. This is one of the -- perhaps, one of the reasons that I -- one, I campaigned on this issue, as you know very well, John.Okay. Whoever those people are. I cannot see you with all the lights, but you don't look like either of the two. Yeah, go ahead. Sure. Go ahead.Thank you very much. Appreciate it.Well, at a certain time, I will. I said that will be a day that I look very much forward to, at the appropriate time. And I also will be inviting Chairman Kim, at the appropriate time, to the White House. I think it's really going to be something that will be very important. And he has accepted. I said, at the appropriate time. We want to go a little bit further down the road.But what we signed today was a lot of things included. And then you have things that weren't included that we got after the deal was signed. I've done that before in my life. We didn't put it in the agreement because we didn't have time. And I think most of you have been handed out the agreement or soon will. But I --Oh, you have not? Okay. Well, if you could have those agreements passed out. We just finished them, just a little while ago. But if you could have the agreements passed out, we'll -- you'll see what we're talking about.Yes, sir. Go ahead.Thank you.Yes.Yes.That's true. Fifty-thousand great troops. That's true. Yeah, it did -- abduction. Absolutely. This is Prime Minister Abe's -- one of his, certainly -- other than the whole denuking subject -- certainly his, I would say, his main point. And I brought it up. Absolutely. And they're going to be working on that. It will be -- we didn't put it down in the document, but it will be worked on.Christians, yes. We are -- brought it up very strongly. You know, Franklin Graham spent -- spent and spends a tremendous amount of time in North Korea. He's got it very close to his heart. It did come up, and things will be happening. Okay? Thank you. Great question.Yes, Jon. Go ahead.Thank you, Jon.Right. Jon, I believe it's a rough situation over there. There's no question about it. And we did discuss it today pretty strongly. I mean, knowing what the main purpose of what we were doing is: denuking. But discussed it at pretty good length. We'll be doing something on it. It's rough. It's rough in a lot of places, by the way. Not just there. But it's rough, and we will continue that. And I think, ultimately, we'll agree to something. But it was discussed at length outside of the nuclear situation, one of the primary topics.I think it will change. Yeah. I think it probably has to, but I think it will. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you very much.Steve. That's you, Steve? Right there.Well, you know, scientifically, I've been watching and reading a lot about this, and it does take a long time to pull off complete denuclearization. It takes a long time. Scientifically, you have to wait certain periods of time, and a lot of things happen. But…Having sat down with Kim Jong Un. And does he have to change that?Jon, I believe it's a rough situation over there. There's no question about it. And we did discuss it today pretty strongly. I mean, knowing what -- the main purpose of what we were doing is: denuking. But discussed at pretty good length. We'll be doing something on it. It's rough. It's rough in a lot of places, by the way -- not just there. But it's rough. And we will continue that, and I think, ultimately, we'll agree to something. But it was discussed at length. Outside of -- outside of the nuclear situation, one of the primary topics.I think it will change, yeah. I think it probably has to. But I think it will. Yeah.Thank you. Thank you very much.Steve? That's you, Steve? Right there.Well, you know, scientifically, I've been watching and reading a lot about this, and it does take a long time to pull off complete denuclearization. It takes a long time. Scientifically, you have to wait certain periods of time, and a lot of things happen. But despite that, once you start the process, it means it's pretty much over; you can't use them. That's the good news. And that's going to start very -- very soon. I believe that's going to start very soon. We will do it as fast as it can mechanically and physically be done, Steve.The sanctions will come off when we are sure that the nukes are no longer a factor. Sanctions played a big role, but they'll come off at that point. I hope it's going to be soon, but they'll come off. As you know, and as I've said, the sanctions right now remain. But at a certain point, I actually look forward to taking them off. And they'll come off when we know we're down the road -- where it's not going to happen, nothing is going to happen. Okay?Yes, go ahead. Please.Thank you.Thank you very much. Congratulations to everybody, by the way. Congratulations to everybody.Go ahead.Well, you have a different administration. You have a different President. You have a different Secretary of State. You have people that are -- you know, it's very important to them. And we get it done. The other groups, maybe it wasn't a priority. I don't think they could have done it if it was a priority, frankly. I don't think they honestly could have done it even if it was a priority.And it would have been easier back then. It would have been -- for me, it would have been much easier if this were 10 years ago or 5 years ago. And I'm not just blaming President Obama. I mean, this goes back -- for 25 years, this should have happened. I was given a very tough hand. I was given this, I was given the Iran deal, and plenty of other problems.But we are -- we're doing really well. And the Iran deal, I have to be honest, I did it because nuclear is always number one to me. Nuclear is number one.But on the Iran deal, I think Iran is a different country now than it was three or four months ago. I don't think they're looking so much to the Mediterranean. I don't think they're looking so much at Syria, like they were, with total confidence. I don't think they're so confident right now.But I hope -- with that being said, I hope that, at the appropriate time, after these sanctions kick in -- and they are brutal, what we've put on Iran -- I hope that they're going to come back and negotiate a real deal, because I'd love to be able to do that. But right now, it's too soon for that.Yes, please.Good question. Hopefully soon. But we'll have to get things moving first. Very -- a little bit early for that. We have to get things moving.Yes, go ahead. Hi.Yeah, we've done exercises for a long period of time, working with South Korea. And we call them "war games," and I call them "war games." And they're tremendously expensive. The amount of money that we spend on that is incredible. And South Korea contributes, but not 100 percent, which is certainly a subject that we have to talk to them about also. And that has to do with the military expense and also the trade.So we're doing that. We actually have a new deal with South Korea, in terms of the trade deal, but we have to talk to them. We have to talk to many countries about treating us fairly.But the war games are very expensive. We pay for a big majority of them. We fly in bombers from Guam. I said -- when I first started, I said, "Where do the bombers come from?" "Guam. Nearby." I said, "Oh, great, nearby. Where's nearby?" "Six and a half hours." Six and a half hours -- that's a long time for these big massive planes to be flying to South Korea to practice and then drop bombs all over the place, and then go back to Guam. I know a lot about airplanes; it's very expensive. And I didn't like it.And what I did say is -- and I think it's very provocative, I have to tell you, Jennifer, it's a very provocative situation when I see that, and you have a country right next door. So under the circumstances that we are negotiating a very comprehensive, complete deal, I think it's inappropriate to be having war games.So, number one, we save money -- a lot. And number two, it really is something that I think they very much appreciate it.Well, we've gotten -- you know, I've heard that. I mean, some of the people that -- I don't know, maybe they really mean it. I don't always want to go against the press because I just don't -- especially not today, this is too important. But I noticed that some of the people were saying that the President has agreed to meet, he has given up so much. I gave up nothing. I'm here. I haven't slept in 25 hours, but I thought it was appropriate to do -- because we have been negotiating for literally around the clock with them, and with us, and with John, and with Mike, and a whole team of very talented people.But we haven't given up anything, other than -- you're right, I agreed to meet. And I think the meeting was every bit as good for the United States as it was for North Korea. But I just wrote down some of the things we got. And they -- you know, they -- sure, they got a meeting. But only a person that dislikes Donald Trump would say that I've agreed to make a big commitment.Sure, I've agreed to take a period of time and come here and meet, and that's good. But I think it's great for us, as a country, and I think it's good for them.But what did they do to justify this meeting? Secured commitment for complete denuclearization; that's the big thing. They secured the release of three American hostages. They already gave them to us two months ago. These people are now living happily back in their homes, with their families. And it was pretty rough for them, to put it mildly.Secure the commitment to recover the remains, including -- these are of fallen heroes. And they're giving a commitment, they're starting it immediately, to recover their remains. And I just went through how many people asked me about it. I was amazed, actually. So many people would ask me, "Is it possible? Is it possible?" At that time we had no relationship to Chairman Kim or to anybody else in North Korea. You know, it was a very closed society. So we're getting the remains back.Secured the halt of all missile and nuclear tests for -- how long has it been? Seven months? You haven't had a missile go up. For seven months, you haven't had a nuclear test; you haven't had a nuclear explosion. I remember a nuclear event took place -- 8.8 in the Richter scale. And they announced -- I heard it on the radio -- they announced that a massive -- you know, an earthquake took place somewhere in Asia. And then they said it was in North Korea. And then they found out it was a nuclear test. I said, "I never heard of a Richter scale in the high 8s."And if you look, there has been no missile launches. They've blown up their missile area. That's going to take place. That has not been written into the contract. We're going to give you the exact details on that. But they secured a halt of all missiles and of all nuclear tests. They secured the closure of their single primary nuclear test site. All three of them -- they're in an area that's common around each other -- they secured the closure.They secured the commitment to destroy the missile engine testing site. That was not in your agreement. I got that after we signed the agreement. I said, "Do me a favor. You've got this missile engine testing site. We know where it is because of the heat." It's incredible the equipment we have, to be honest with you. I said, "Can you close it up?" He's going to close it up.We maintained the ability to continue to apply sanctions. So we're applying sanctions. Now I had 300 sanctions that I was getting ready to put on last week. And I said, you know, I can't really put on sanctions when I'm meeting with -- I thought it would be very disrespectful. Three hundred very big ones, powerful ones. And I said it would be disrespectful.So, Jennifer, when you look at all of those things that we got -- and when we got our hostages back, I didn't pay $1.8 billion in cash like the hostages that came back from Iran, which was a disgraceful situation, what took place.So we've gotten a lot. So when I hear somebody in the media say that President Trump has agreed to meet -- like, it's not a big deal to meet. I think we should meet on a lot of different topics, not just this one. And I really believe a lot of great things can happen.Yes. Go ahead, please.Well, that's what they're doing.Sure. That's what they're doing. I mean, I don't think the --Yeah, I did, honestly --Because there was no time. I'm here one day. We're together for many hours intensively, but the process is now going to take place. And I would be surprised, Mike, if they haven't even started already. They have started; they blew up their sites. They blew up their testing site.But I will say, he knew, prior to coming -- you know, this wasn't like a surprise. It wasn't like we've never discussed it. We discussed it. Mike discussed it very strongly with his counterpart in North Korea. They knew that this was -- let's say they didn't agree to that I couldn't sign any agreement. There was no agreement that could have been signed. So they understood that.And it wasn't a big point today because, really, this had been taken care of, more than any other thing. Because it was all about this. This has been taken care of before we got here. So when we brought that up today, you see the language. It's very strong. It's in the document.Yes, ma'am.Well, I don't want to talk. Yeah, I know. That's a tough thing to talk about because I don't want to be threatening. I don't want to be threatening. They understood that. And you've seen what was, perhaps, going to happen.And you know, Seoul has 28 million people. We think we have big cities. You look at New York, where it has 8 million people. We think it's a big city. Seoul has 28 million people. Think of that. And it's right next to the border. It's right next to the DMZ. It's right there. I mean, if this would have happened, I think -- you know, I've heard, oh, a hundred-thousand people. I think you could have lost 20 million people, 30 million people. This is really an honor for me to be doing this because I think, you know, potentially, you could have lost, you know, 30-, 40-, 50 million people. The city of Seoul, one of the biggest cities in the world, is right next to the border.Well, at that time we needed, perhaps, fire and fury. Because we could not have allowed that kind of capability from the standpoint of the United States. And certainly, Japan wasn't going to allow it either. Japan is right next door.Yeah.Today. Yeah, we had it made up by some -- I hope you liked it. I thought it was good. I thought it was interesting enough to show. One in English and one in Korean. And we had it made up. I showed it to him today. Actually, during the meeting -- toward the end of the meeting. And I think he loved it. They were giving -- we didn't have a big screen like you have the luxury of having. We didn't need it because we had it on a cassette and -- an iPad. And they played it. And about eight of their representatives were watching it, and I thought they were fascinated.But I thought it was well done. I showed it to you because that's the future. I mean, that could very well be the future. And the other alternative is just not a very good alternative. It's just not good. But I showed it because I really want him to do something. Now, I don't think I had to show it because I really believe he wants to -- I think he wants to get it done.Yes. Go ahead. How's Staten Island Ferry doing? Okay? He wrote the best story about me with the Staten Island Ferry. And after that, he's never written a good story.I don't know what happened. It's a long time ago.Well, first of all, I think it's a very fair question. I had a very good meeting with the G7. And I left the meeting. And, I'll be honest, we are being taken advantage of by virtually every one of those countries. Very, very seriously. Now, the United States, because of bad management at the top, because of Presidents that didn't care about trade or didn't understand it or whatever reason. For many years, with China being, obviously, the most successful at it, but the European Union is second -- $151 billion we lost. They were represented at the meeting. And we're being taken advantage of on trade.Canada does have very big advantages over us in terms of trade deficits. We have a big trade deficit with Canada, I was reading, where, oh, it's actually a surplus. Not a surplus. It's either 17, but it could actually be 100. You know, they put out a document. I don't know if you saw it. They didn't want me to see it, but we found it. Perhaps they were trying to show the power they have. It's close to $100 billion a year loss with Canada.They don't take our farm products -- many of them. They charge what was 270 percent, but somebody told me the other day that a few months ago they raised it to 295 percent for dairy products. And it's very unfair to our farmers, and it's very unfair to the people of our country -- the workers, the farmers, the companies. And we are not able to trade. They have tremendous barriers up. They have tremendous tariffs.So when I put in a countervailing tariff just to get us up a little bit so the balance isn't so much -- it's like this -- they said, "Oh, that's so terrible." I said, "What's terrible?" We have to catch you a little bit. We have to have a little balance. Even if it's not complete, we have to have a little balance. I say this with many countries.Anyway, we came -- we finished the meeting. Really, everybody was happy. And I agreed to sign something. I asked for changes; I demanded changes. And those changes were made. In fact, the picture with Angela Merkel, who I get along with very well, where I'm sitting there like this, that picture was we're waiting for the document because I wanted to see the final document as changed by the changes that I requested.That was a very friendly -- I know it didn't look friendly, and I know it was reported like sort of nasty both ways. I was angry at her or she -- actually, we were just talking, the whole group, about something unrelated to everything, very friendly, waiting for the document to come back so I could read it before I leave.Anyway, I left and it was very friendly. When I got onto the plane, I think that Justin probably didn't know that Air Force One has about 20 televisions, and I see the television. And he's giving a news conference about how he will not be pushed around by the United States. And I say, push him around? We just shook hands. It was very friendly.Look, countries cannot continue to take advantage of us on trade. The number are out. Over the last couple of years, and over the last many years -- but over the last couple of years, this country has lost $800 billion on trade with other countries, the biggest one being China. Eight-hundred billion dollars. A hundred fifty-one billion with the European Union. They don't take our agricultural products, barely. They don't take a lot of what we have, and yet they send Mercedes into us, they send BMWs into us by the millions. It's very unfair, and it's very unfair to our workers. And I'm going to straighten it out. And it won't even be tough. Okay? Thank you.Go ahead. Go ahead.I would like to involve Congress, yes. And no, I have a good relationship with Justin Trudeau. I really did. Other than he had a news conference that he had because he assumed I was in an airplane and I wasn't watching. He learned. That's going to cost a lot of money for the people of Canada. He learned. You can't do that. You can't do that.We laughed. We had a very good relationship. I've had a good relationship with Justin. I have a good relationship with all. I have a very good relationship with Angela Merkel. But on NATO, we're paying 4.2 percent; she's paying 1 percent of a much smaller GDP than we have. We're paying 4.2 percent on a much larger -- we're paying for -- I mean, anyone can say -- from 60 to 90 percent of NATO. And we're protecting countries of Europe. And then on top of it, they kill us on trade. So we just can't have it that way. It's unfair to our taxpayers and to our people.But no, I have a good relationship with Justin. And I have a, I think, a very good relationship with Chairman Kim right now. I really do. I think -- I hope it's good because if it is, we're going to solve a very big problem. I think we've gone a long way to solving it today.Should we keep going for a little while? Sarah? I don't know. It's up to the legendary Sarah Huckabee Sanders. Should we keep going, Sarah? Okay, we'll go. Well, I don't care. Hey, you know, it just means we get home a little later in the evening. Right?Yeah. Go ahead. Sure. Go ahead. Go ahead.How are you?Nice to see you.Thank you very much.Beautiful country. I did.Yes. We're getting together next week to go into the details.Secretary Pompeo. Yeah. Next week, with John Bolton and our entire team, to go over the details and to get this stuff done. We want to get it done; he wants to get it done. We're also working very much with South Korea. We're working with Japan. We're working with China, to a lesser extent, but we're working with China.I would come back gladly. Your Prime Minister was fantastic. We were with him yesterday. He's done a great job. It was very welcoming. It really, probably had -- it probably made a difference, actually. It's a great place.Thank you very much.Yes, ma'am.Yeah. I've said that about relationships. I've said that about people. You know in the first second. Now, I was generous. I said five seconds. But you know in the first second, in some cases. Sometimes that doesn't work out. But sometimes it does.From the beginning, we got along. But there's been a lot of groundwork. This wasn't like we went and we started talking about -- as you know, right? We didn't just come in and start talking about these very complex subjects that have been going on for 70 years. We've been discussing this for months. And, you know, once the rhetoric stopped, once they did a great thing --you know, North Korea did a great thing by going to the Olympics. Because the Olympics -- and President Moon will tell you this -- the Olympics was not exactly doing great. People didn't feel like being bombed out of the Opening Ceremonies. You know, they weren't exactly selling tickets. And as soon as the Chairman -- Chairman Kim -- said, "Let's participate in the Olympics," it sold like wildfire and was a great success as an Olympics. It was a great success. He did a great thing.But since that time, pretty much since that time -- because, as you know, a delegation came from South Korea who had just met with North Korea. They came to the White House. They told me lots of things, including the fact that they'd be willing to denuke. We have one of their great people here today. That they were willing to denuke. And once that started, we have been really talking about that from the end of the Olympics when the whole delegation came to say various things, including denuking.Well, I think can you ensure anything? Can I ensure that you're going to be able to sit down properly when you sit down? I mean, you can't ensure anything. All I can say is they want to make a deal. That's what I do. My whole life has been deals. I've done great at it, and that's what I do. And I know when somebody wants to deal, and I know when somebody doesn't. A lot of politicians don't. That's not their thing, but it is my thing.I mean, again, this really could have been done, I think, easier a long time ago. But I know for a -- I just feel very strongly -- my instinct, my ability, or talent -- they want to make a deal. And making a deal is a great thing for the world. It's also a great thing for China because I can't imagine that China has, you know, is happy with somebody having nuclear weapons so close. So, you know, that's -- China was very helpful.So I think he wants to make a deal. Can anybody be certain? But we're going to be certain soon because the negotiations continue. Okay? Thank you very much.Go ahead.Yes.No, I think I've helped them because I think things will change. I think I've helped them. There's nothing I can say. All I can do is do what I can do. We have to stop the nuclearization. We have to do other things, and that's a very important thing. So at a certain point, hopefully, you'll be able to ask me a much more positive question or make a statement.But not much I can do right now. At a certain point, I really believe he's going to do things about it. I think they are one of the great winners today, that large group of people that you're talking about. I think, ultimately, they're going to be one of the great winners as a group.Yes, sir. Go ahead. Go ahead. Yeah.No. I want significant improvement. I want to know that it won't be happening. And again, once you start that process, there will be a point at which, even though you won't be finished for a while because it can't happen scientifically or mechanically, but you're not going to be able to go back. You know, once we reach that point, I'll start to give that very serious thought.Yes. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. You first.Well, I think that South Korea and I think that Japan will help them very greatly. I think they're prepared to help them. They know they're going to have to help them. I think they're going to help them very greatly. We won't have to help them. The United States has been paying a big price in a lot of different places. But South Korea, which obviously is right next door, and Japan, which essentially is next door, they're going to be helping them. And I think they're going to be doing a very generous job and a terrific job. So they will be helping them.Yes, ma'am. Go ahead. Behind. Yes.Thank you.Well, I don't know, when you say a long time. I think we will do it as fast as it can be done scientifically, as fast as it can be done mechanically. I don't think -- I mean, I've read horror stories. It's a 15-year process. Okay? Assuming you wanted to do it quickly, I don't believe that. I think whoever wrote that is wrong. But there will be a point at which, when you're 20 percent through, you can't go back.I had an uncle who was a great professor for, I believe, 40 years at MIT. And I used to discuss nuclear with him all the time. He was a great expert. He was a great, brilliant genius. Dr. John Trump at MIT. I think he was there 40 years, I was told. In fact, the head of MIT sent me a book on my uncle. But we used to talk about nuclear. You're talking about a very complex subject. It's not just like, "Oh, gee. Let's get rid of the nukes." It takes a period of time.But the main period of time that I'm talking is that first period, when you hit a certain point you can't go back. It's very hard to go back.We don't know, but it will go pretty quickly.Go ahead. Sure.Yeah.Well, I think we have a lot of leverage. I think we have tremendous leverage. I do believe that China, despite my relationship with President Xi -- a man who I told you I have great respect for and like, also, a lot. You know, we're having very tough talks on trade. And I think that probably affects China somewhat. But I have to do what I have to do. And I think, over the last two months, the border is more open than it was when we first started. But that is what it is. We have to do it. We have a tremendous deficit in trade, commonly known as a trade deficit. We have a tremendous deficit in trade with China, and we have to do something about it. We can't continue to let that happen.And I think that has had an impact on my relationship, in terms of the border. I don't think it has the relationship -- you know, I don't think it affects my feeling or my relationship to President Xi. But when we first started, we weren't ready to go that route. And as we started preparing and getting ready to do that, I think that's had an impact on, frankly, the border. Which is a shame. But I have to do it. I have no choice. For our country, I have to do it.South Korea will do whatever is necessary to get a deal done. And if that means we can't trade, then I'm not going to trade. They're definitely not going to trade. If they think -- and they would do this with our concurrence -- if they think that they can do some work because we're very far down the line -- we're actually very far. You know, that document, when you read it today, that's far down the line. That's not something that just happened to be put together. This was done over months. And again, the rhetoric was important, and the sanctions were important. I don't even know which one was more important. They were both important.Yeah. Go ahead.Well, David, I can tell you he understands. He understands it so well. He understands it better than the people that are doing the work for him. That is an easy one. As far as what he has, it's substantial. Very substantial. The timing will go quickly. I believe you'll see some good action. I mean, as an example, one of the things with the missile site, I think you're probably surprised to hear that -- that was a throw-in at the end, the missile site.But I really believe, David, that it's going to go very quickly. I really believe that it's going to go fast. And it is a very substantial arsenal. There's no question about it. You know, I used to say maybe it's all talk and no action. But we have pretty good intelligence into that. Although, probably less there than any other country. You understand that maybe better than anybody in the room. Probably less there than any other country. But we have enough intelligence to know that what they have is very substantial.This is why, David, I always say that this shouldn't have taken place so late into the process. Wouldn't this have been better if it was 5 years ago or 20 years ago or 15 years ago and we didn't have to worry about not having a successful meeting like today? So -- and I still love my first interview with you, David. I still have that interview, actually.Yeah. Go ahead.Thank you.We haven't set that up. We'll probably need another summit. We'll probably need -- or meeting. We can use a different term. But we'll probably need another one. We'll probably -- I will say this, we're much further along than I would have thought. I did not think we'd be here. I thought -- and I've told people -- I didn't want to build up people's hopes too much. I told people I thought that this would be a successful meeting if we got along, we developed a relationship, and we could have maybe gotten to this point in three or four months from now. But it really happened very quickly. A lot of that was because of the foundation that was, you know, put down before we met. A lot of things happened very fast.We didn't have -- as an example, bringing back the remains. That was not one of the things that was on our agenda today. I brought that up at the very end because so many people have talked to me about it. And I brought it up at the very end. And he was really very gracious. Instead of saying, "Well, let's talk about it the next time." He said, "It makes sense. We will do it."And he knew -- you know, they know where many of those incredible people are. Where they're buried along roads, along highways, along paths, usually, because our soldiers were moving back and forth and they had to move rapidly. It's very sad. But he knew. And that was brought up at the very end. And you know, it was really great that he was able to do it. A lot of people are going to be very happy about that.Yes. Go ahead, please.Thank you.Thank you. Thank you for the nice way you treat us. We appreciate it. Really, it's very good. It's really beautiful what you do. Go ahead.And now I'll probably get this killer question.Yeah. It's all right.Yeah, it's a good question. So you saw a tape today, and that, I think, was done really well. But that was done at the highest level of future development. I told him, you may not want this. You may want to do a much smaller version of this. I mean, you're going to do something. But you may want to do a smaller version. You may not want that with the trains and the everything. You know, it's super -- everything the top. And maybe you won't want that. It's going to be up to them. It's going to be up to them. It's going to be up to the people what they want. They may not want that. I can understand that too.But that was a version of what could happen, what could take place. As an example, they have great beaches. You see that whenever they're exploding their cannons into the ocean, right? I said, "Boy, look at the view. Wouldn't that make a great condo behind?" And I explained, I said, "You know, instead of doing that, you could have the best hotels in the world right there." Think of it from a real estate perspective. You have South Korea, you have China, and they own the land in the middle. How bad is that, right? It's great. But I told him, I said, you may not want to do what's there. You may want to do a smaller version of it or -- you know. And that could be.Although, I tell you what -- he looked at that tape, he looked at that iPad, and I'm telling you they really enjoyed it, I believe. Okay?Yeah. Go ahead. A couple more. Okay. We'll do three more. Yeah. Go ahead. Go.Yes. Hi, Brian. Am I on the cover again this week? Boy, have I -- so many covers.Huh? I know. That's okay.In what way?No. I think that -- I don't view it that way. See, I don't view it that way. I'll do whatever it takes to make the world a safer place. If I have to say I'm sitting on a stage -- I mean, I understand what you're getting at. If I have to say I'm sitting on a stage with Chairman Kim and that's going to get us to save 30 million lives -- could be more than that -- I'm willing to sit on the stage. I'm willing to travel to Singapore very proudly, very gladly.Again, I -- you know, other than the fact that it is taking my time, they have given up a tremendous amount. They've given it up even before. And even add the Olympics to it. You know, you could add the Olympics to the question. They went to the Olympics. They took an Olympics that was going to be a massive failure that maybe wouldn't have even opened, and they made it a tremendous success by agreeing to participate. Add that to the list of things that they've done.So, Brian, if I can save millions of lives by coming here, sitting down, and establishing a relationship with someone who's a very powerful man, who's got firm control of a country, and that country has very powerful nuclear weapons, it's my honor to do it.No, I'm not concerned at all. We can use that video for other countries.Go ahead.Got impressed?Oh.Yeah. He did a great deal. And he spent $3 billion and got nothing. And he started making nuclear weapons a day later.Okay. Good. I think we just answered the question.Oh, I understand them much better than you do.Okay. Yeah. Go ahead. Go ahead. Thank you very much. Yes.Sure. Hi.And much more. And much more than that.No. I think he'll do it. I really believe that. Otherwise, I wouldn't be doing this. I really believe it. And it was really the engine testing site, in addition to all of the other things that they've agreed to do. It was the -- they have a very powerful engine testing site that, again, we're able to see because of the heat that it emits. And, yeah, I'm able to -- I'm very happy. I'll tell you what -- I'm very happy with those two points -- the two points you mentioned.But I think you might be referring to the thing that's not in, which is the engine testing site. I think he's -- I think -- honestly, I think he's going to do these things. I may be wrong. I mean, I may stand before you in six months and say, "Hey, I was wrong." I don't know that I'll ever admit that, but I'll find some kind of an excuse. [Laughter]Okay, one or two. One more. Come on. Yeah, go ahead. Sure.Thank you. Thank you.Yes. I will.Well, my expectation about China is that China is a great country with a great leader, and a friend of mine. And I really believe that he's happy that we've made this kind of progress. And I've heard from him. But I will be calling him very shortly. Maybe even before I land. Okay?And I have to say, you know -- and the United States is a great country. And we have set records economically -- over $7 trillion in net worth addition to what we have. And we are almost twice the size, the economy of the United States. Nobody talks about this, because you do hear a lot about China, rightfully so. But the United States, now, is almost twice the size of the economy of China. We have a great country and we're on a correct path.Okay. One more. That will be it.Oh, South Korea? Where's South Korea? I think you deserve -- go ahead. Go. You deserve one. Yes. You deserve one.Yes.I just want to tell him about the meeting. Very successful. And he'll be very much involved in the final negotiation. He's a very, very fine gentleman. Also a friend of mine. And I look forward to speaking. He'll be very happy when he hears about -- I've already sent word to him about what happened. I sent the document to him, actually, and all of the details behind the document. So I'll be talking to him very shortly.I'd like to have them involved also. There's a question as to whether or not we're supposed to or whether or not we legally have to. I don't care. I think it would be great to have China involved and also, of course, South Korea. Okay?What?Mike, do they have a transcript? They probably have a rough transcript, which you can give us, if you have one.No, they didn't record it. I don't think they recorded it. Are there any recordings of it? I wish there were. Because it is interesting stuff.Say it?I don't. We probably have some notes or something. But they have, actually, detailed notes, I would imagine. But we had a great conversation. It was a very heart-felt conversation.Well, I don't have to verify because I have one of the great memories of all time. So I don't have to. Okay? Okay?Yeah, but I don't want to discuss it. But we did is we've had numerous discussions. We've had very important relationships established at Mike's level and other levels. In fact, a couple of people are here from, as you know, from North Korea. They're in the room. We have a few people in the back also, in the room.So when we went into this final agreement, very importantly, we really didn't go in cold. We went in with tremendous relationship and tremendous knowledge. And I think that's why we got it done.So I'm going to head back. I don't know about you folks, but it's been a long time since I've taken it easy. So now we can take it a little bit easy, and then the work begins again. And I appreciate everybody being here. I hope we've answered your questions. And thank you very much. And sort of congratulations to everybody, because this is, really -- to me it's a very important event in world history. And to be really true to myself, I have to add, I want to get it completed. ''So Mike, our whole team has to get to work and get it completed. Because otherwise, we've done a good job. But if you don't the ball over the goal line, it doesn't mean enough. Okay?So thank you, and sort of congratulations to everybody in the room. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. Thank you. [Applause]Well, thank you very much. I appreciate it. We're getting ready to make a big trip. We're just leaving, but we wanted to have a little bit of a conference just to announce what's happened, how we've done. And I think it's been very, very successful. We've concluded a really tremendously successful G7 and would like to provide you with an update.And you know the gentlemen up are the legendary Larry Kudlow and the legendary John Bolton. And we had a good meeting, both on defense and environment and, frankly, on tariffs, which are what we're here for.First, I'd like to thank Prime Minister Trudeau for hosting this summit. It has worked out to be so wonderful. The people of Canada are wonderful, and it's a great country, and a very beautiful country, I might add.We tackled a variety of issues and opportunities facing our nations. At the top of the list was the issue of trade -- a very important subject -- because the United States has been taken advantage of for decades and decades, and we can't do that anymore.We had extremely productive discussions on the need to have fair and reciprocal -- meaning, the same. People can't charge us 270 percent and we charge them nothing. That doesn't work anymore.I made a lot of statements having to do with clarity. We want and expect other nations to provide fair market access to American exports, and that we will take whatever steps are necessary to protect American industry and workers from unfair foreign trading practices, of which, really, there are many. But we're getting them straightened out, slowly but surely.We also discussed the issue of uncontrolled migration and the threat that it poses to both national security and other groups and countries, and our citizens and quality of life. We're committed to addressing the migration challenge by helping migrants to remain and prosper in their own home countries. A wide array of national security threats were addressed, including the threat of Iran. The G7 nations remain committed to controlling Iran's nuclear ambitions -- with or without them, those ambitions are going to be controlled -- along with efforts to combat terrorism and extremism and those who spread this deadly ideology.The nations of the G7 are bound together by shared values and beliefs. That came out loud and clear. Each of our nations is totally unique with our people and our own sovereign obligations. But we can coordinate together and achieve a common good -- a good for all -- good for all of our people, all of our nations.We're linked in the great effort to create a more just, peaceful, and prosperous world. And from the standpoint of trade and jobs and being fair to companies, we are really, I think, committed. I think they are starting to be committed to a much more fair trade situation for the United States, because it has been treated very, very unfairly.And I don't blame other leaders for that. I blame our past leaders. There was no reason that this should have happened. Last year, they lost eight-hundred -- we as a nation, over the years -- but the latest number is $817 billion on trade. That's ridiculous and it's unacceptable. And everybody was told that.So I don't blame them; I blame our leaders. In fact, I congratulate the leaders of other countries for so crazily being able to make these trade deals that were so good for their country and so bad for the United States. But those days are over.In just a few minutes, I'll be leaving for Singapore. I'll be on a mission of peace, and we will carry in, really -- in my heart, we're going to be carrying the hearts of millions of people, people from all over the world. We have to get denuclearization. We have to get something going. We really think that North Korea will be a tremendous place in a very short period of time. And we appreciate everything that's going on. We appreciate the working together with North Korea. They're really working very well with us.So I say -- so far, so good. We're going to have to see what happens. And we're going to know very soon.So I'll be leaving -- as soon as we're finished with this conference, I'll be leaving. And I very much look forward to it. I think it's very important for North Korea and South Korea and Japan, and the world, and the United States. It's a great thing. And we'll see what happens. Okay. Any questions? Yes, yes.Well, there's always everything. It's really -- you know, this has probably rarely been done. It's unknown territory, in the truest sense. But I really feel confident. I feel that Kim Jong Un wants to do something great for his people, and he has that opportunity. And he won't have that opportunity again. It's never going to be there again.So I really believe that he's going to do something very positive for his people, for himself, his family. He's got an opportunity, the likes of which I think almost -- if you look into history -- very few people have ever had. He can take that nation, with those great people, and truly make it great. So it's a one-time -- it's a one-time shot. And I think it's going to work out very well.That's why I feel positive, because it makes so much sense. And we will watch over, and we'll protect, and we'll do a lot of things. I can say that South Korea, Japan, China, many countries want to see it happen. And they'll help. They'll all help. So there's a great -- there's really -- this is a great time. This has not happened in all of the years that they've been separated by a very artificial boundary. This is a great opportunity for peace, and lasting peace, and prosperity.Yes, ma'am.Yeah, I have not spoken to Vladimir Putin in quite a while. It has been discussed. We didn't do votes or anything, but it has been discussed. Some people like the idea of bringing Russia back in. This used to be the G8, not the G7. And something happened a while ago, where Russia is no longer in.I think it would be an asset to have Russia back in. I think it would be good for the world. I think it would be good for Russia. I think it would be good for the United States. I think it would be good for all of the countries of the current G7.I think the G8 would be better. I think having Russia back in would be a positive thing. We're looking for peace in the world. We're not looking to play games.Okay. Question? Yes.I did. Oh, I did. That's the way it should be. No tariffs, no barriers. That's the way it should be.And no subsidies. I even said no tariffs. In other words, let's say Canada -- where we have tremendous tariffs -- the United States pays tremendous tariffs on dairy. As an example, 270 percent. Nobody knows that. We pay nothing. We don't want to pay anything. Why should we pay?We have to -- ultimately, that's what you want. You want a tariff-free, you want no barriers, and you want no subsidies, because you have some cases where countries are subsidizing industries, and that's not fair. So you go tariff-free, you go barrier-free, you go subsidy-free. That's the way you learned at the Wharton School of Finance. I mean, that would be the ultimate thing. Now, whether or not that works -- but I did suggest it, and people were -- I guess, they got to go back to the drawing and check it out, right?But we can't have -- an example -- where we're paying -- the United States is paying 270 percent. Just can't have it. And when they send things into us, you don't have that. I will say, it was not contentious. What was strong was the language that this cannot go on. But the relationships are very good, whether it be President Macron or with Justin. We had -- Justin did a really good job. I think the relationships were outstanding.But because of the fact that the United States leaders of the past didn't do a good job on trade -- and again, I'm not blaming countries; I'm blaming our people that represented our past. It's got to change. It's going to change. I mean, it's not a question of "I hope it changes." It's going to change, a hundred percent. And tariffs are going to come way down, because people cannot continue to do that. We're like the piggybank that everybody is robbing. And that ends.In fact, Larry Kudlow is a great expert on this, and he's a total free trader. But even Larry has seen the ravages of what they've done with their tariffs. Would you like to say something, Larry, very quickly? It might be interesting.Thank you.And it's very unfair to our farmers. Our farmers are, essentially -- whether it's through a barrier, non-monetary barrier, or whether it's through very high tariffs that make it impossible -- and this is all over the world. This isn't just G7. I mean, we have India, where some of the tariffs are 100 percent. A hundred percent. And we charge nothing. We can't do that.And so we are talking to many countries. We're talking to all countries. And it's going to stop. Or we'll stop trading with them. And that's a very profitable answer, if we have to do it. Yes, sir.Well, if they retaliate, they're making a mistake. Because, you see, we have a tremendous trade imbalance. So when we try and bring our piece up a little bit so that it's not so bad, and then they go up -- right -- the difference is they do so much more business with us than we do with them that we can't lose that. You understand. We can't lose it.And as an example, with one country we have $375 billion in trade deficits. We can't lose. You could make the case that they lost years ago. But when you're down $375 billion, you can't lose. And we have to bring them up.So there's very bad spirit. When we have a big trade imbalance and we want to bring it up to balance -- just balance -- and they keep raising it so that you never catch, that's not a good thing to do.And we have very, very strong measures that take care of that, because we do so much. The numbers are so astronomically against them in terms of anything, as per your question. We win that war a thousand times out of a thousand. Yes. Yes, sir.So two things can happen on NAFTA. We'll either leave it the way it is, as a threesome deal with Canada and with the United States and Mexico, and change it very substantially -- we're talking about very big changes. Or we're going to make a deal directly with Canada and directly with Mexico. Both of those things could happen.If a deal isn't made, that would be a very bad thing for Canada and it would be a very bad thing for Mexico. For the United States, frankly, it would be a good thing. But I'm not looking to do that. I'm not looking to play that game.So we're either going to have NAFTA in a better negotiated form, or we're going to have two deals.It will have a sunset. You have the two sunsets. I mean, you have an ISDS provision and a sunset provision. They've been very heavily negotiated. You have two sunsets, two concepts of sunset. We're pretty close on the sunset provision. Okay?Well, we have one that's five years; you know it very well. You've studied this very well. Congratulations. That's right. You have one group that likes to have five years, and then a renegotiation at the end of five years. And you have another group that wants longer because of the investments. But we're pretty close.Yes, sir.Well, you know, you have to ask President Obama, because he was the one that let Crimea get away. That was during his administration. And he was the one that let Russia go and spend a lot of money on Crimea, because they've spent a lot of money on rebuilding it. I guess they have their submarine port there and such.But Crimea was let go during the Obama administration. And, you know, Obama can say all he wants, but he allowed Russia to take Crimea. I may have had a much different attitude. So you'd really have to ask that question to President Obama -- you know, why did he do that; why did he do that. But with that being said, it's been done a long time.I would rather see Russia in the G8 as opposed to the G7. I would say that the G8 is a more meaningful group than the G7, absolutely. Yes. Yes, ma'am.They virtually didn't even make that case. I mean, my case is the fact that it is national security; it's our balance sheet; it's our strength. It's absolutely national security. And, you know, if you look at our -- just take a look at our balance sheet. We're going to have a very strong balance sheet very soon because of what we're doing.We have the strongest economy that we've ever had in the United States -- in the history of the United States. We have the best unemployment numbers. Black unemployment, the lowest in history. Hispanic unemployment, the lowest in history. I don't mean the lowest in the last 10 years or 20 years. The lowest in the history of this country. Black unemployment is doing the best it's ever done. Hispanic doing the best. Women are now up to 21 years. Soon it's going to be the best ever in its history -- in the country's history.We have to have deals that are fair, and we have to have deals that are economic. Otherwise, that does, in fact, affect our military. Okay?Oh, it's very easy. It's economic. It's the balance sheet. To have a great military, you need a great balance sheet.Yes, sir. Go ahead.It's well put, I think.Who are you with, out of curiosity?I figured. Fake News CNN. The worst. But I could tell by the question. I had no idea you were CNN. After the question, I was just curious as to who you were with. You were CNN.I would say that the level of relationship is a 10. We have a great relationship. Angela and Emmanuel and Justin. I would say the relationship is a 10. And I don't blame them. I blame -- as I said, I blame our past leaders for allowing this to happen. There was no reason this should happen.There's no reason that we should have big trade deficits with virtually every country in the world. I'm going long beyond the G7. There's no reason for this. It's the fault of the people that preceded me. And I'm not just saying President Obama. I'm going back a long way. You can go back 50 years, frankly. It just got worse and worse and worse.You know, we used to be a nation that was unbelievably cash-flow-oriented. Had no debt of any consequence, and that built the highway system. We built the interstate system out of -- virtually out of cash flow. And it was a lot different.No, we have a very good relationship, and I don't blame these people, but I will blame them if they don't act smart and do what they have to do -- because they have no choice. I'll be honest with you, they have no choice.They're either going to make the trades fair, because our farmers have been hurt. You look at our farmers. For 15 years, the graph is going just like this -- down. Our farmers have been hurt, our workers have been hurt. Our companies have moved out and moved to Mexico and other countries, including Canada.Now, we are going to fix that situation. And if it's not fixed, we're not going to deal with these countries. But the relationship that I've had is great. So you can tell that to your fake friends at CNN.The relationship that I've had with the people, the leaders of these countries, has been -- I would really, rate it on a scale of 0 to 10, I would rate it a 10. That doesn't mean I agree with what they're doing. And they know very well that I don't. So we're negotiating very hard, tariffs and barriers.As an example, the European Union is brutal to the United States. They don't -- and they understand that. They know it. When I'm telling them, they're smiling at me. You know, it's like the gig is up. It's like the gig is up. They're not trying to -- there's nothing they can say. They can't believe they got away with it.Canada can't believe it got away with it. Mexico -- we have $100 billion trade deficit with Mexico and that doesn't include all the drugs that are pouring in because we have no wall. But we are. We started building the wall, as you know. $1.6 billion -- and we're going to keep that going.But a lot of these countries actually smile at me when I'm talking. And the smile is -- we couldn't believe we got away with it. That's the smile. So it's going to change. It's going to change. They have no choice. If it's not going to change, we're not going to trade with them.Okay, how about a couple of more? Go ahead in the back.Yes. Hi.I have a clear objective. But I have to say, Eliana, that it's going to be something that will always be spur of the moment. You don't know. You know, this has not been done before at this level. This is a leader who really is an unknown personality. People don't know much about him.I think that he's going to surprise, on the upside, very much on the upside. We'll see. But never been done. Never been tested. Many people -- world leaders -- I'm talking about world leaders that have been right next to him have never met him.So we're going in with a very positive spirit. I think very well prepared. I think -- and, by the way, we have worked very well with their people. They have many people right now in Shanghai; our people have been -- in Singapore. Our people have been working very, very well with the representatives of North Korea.So we're going in with a very positive attitude, and I think we're going to come out fine. But I've said it many times: Who knows? Who knows? May not. May not work out. It's a good chance it won't work out. There's probably an even better chance that it will take a period of time. It will be a process.Well, I think the minimum would be relationship. You'd start at least a dialogue. Because, you know, as a deal person, I've done very well with deals. What you want to do is start that. Now, I'd like to accomplish more than that. But at a minimum, I do believe, at least we'll have met each other. We will have seen each other. Hopefully we will have liked each other and we'll start that process.So I would say that would be the minimal. And the maximum, I think you know the answer to that. But I think that will take a little bit of time. Okay? Yeah.That's a good question. How long will it take? I think within the first minute I'll know.Just my touch, my feel. That's what I do. How long will it take to figure out whether or not they're serious? I said maybe in the first minute. You know, the way -- they say that you know if you're going to like somebody in the first five seconds. You ever hear that one? Well, I think that very quickly I'll know whether or not something good is going to happen.I also think I'll know whether or not it will happen fast. It may not. But I think I'll know pretty quickly whether or not, in my opinion, something positive will happen. And if I think it won't happen, I'm not going to waste my time. I don't want to waste his time. Yes, ma'am.No, no, no, no. That's only -- only the fake news says that. You know, this -- look, we just three hostages back. We paid nothing. They came back. They're happily in ensconced in their homes with their families. They're the happiest people in the world right now.We have gotten -- you know, we haven't done anything. Everyone said -- you know, the haters, they say, "Oh, you're giving him a meeting." Give me a break, okay? There's nothing. I think if I didn't do this, it would be -- and it's never been done before, you know. It's never been done before. And obviously, what has been done before hasn't worked.And this is something -- I can't stress this strong enough. You know, I talked about tariffs that previous people -- and I'm not looking to criticize people that were preceding me -- but on tariffs, it should have never happened.Well, the same thing on North Korea. We shouldn't be in this position. We shouldn't be in this position on tariffs. We were hundreds of billions of dollars down to other countries that, frankly, were never even negotiated with. They never even got spoken to.I asked a top person in China, how did it get so bad? He looked at me, he said, "Nobody ever talked to us." They were missing in action, our leaders.Well, a very similar thing, if you think about it, took place with North Korea. This should not be done now. This should have been done 5 years ago, and 10 years ago, and 25 years ago. It shouldn't be done now.I can't comment on that. Okay, one more question.We're going to raise every issue.Every issue is going to be raised.Because the U.S. press is very dishonest, much of it. Not all of it. Oh, I have some folks in your profession that are with the U.S., in the U.S. -- citizens, proud citizens; they're reporters. These are some of the most outstanding people I know. But there are many people in the press that are unbelievably dishonest. They don't cover stories the way they're supposed to be. They don't even report them, in many cases, if they're positive.So there's tremendous -- you know, I came up with the term, "fake news." It's a lot of fake news. But at the same time, I have great respect for many people in the press. Thank you all very much. I appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you.Well, it seems that it's coming out on my birthday. Maybe that's appropriate. Let's see if it is. Look, he's a very dishonest man; I've been saying it for a long time. I think I did our country a great fire -- a really great favor when I fired him. And we'll see what happens. We'll see what the report says. But I guess it just got announced that it's coming out on June 14th, so that'll be maybe a nice birthday present. Who knows.We're going to deal with the unfair trade practices. If you look at what Canada, Mexico, the European Union, all of them have been doing to us for many, many decades, we have to change it. And they understand it's going to happen.We are going to do very well. Now, if we're unable to make a deal, we'll terminate NAFTA; we'll have a better deal. If we are unable to make a deal, we will be better off. Right now, we are not going to live with the deals the way they are. European Union treats us very unfairly. Canada, very unfairly. Mexico, very unfairly.With that being said, I think we'll probably very easily make a deal.No, I didn't say that. I said I've been preparing all my life. I always believe in preparation, but I've been preparing all my life. You know, these one-week preparations, they don't work. Just ask Hillary what happened to her in the debates.So I've been preparing for this all my life. And frankly, it's really just the fake news. Because if you run, Peter, just a little but longer, the clip, you would see: I've really been preparing all my life. I said that, but, you know, the news doesn't pick that up because it's fake news.It's very interesting that they caught a leaker in a very important -- it's a very important leaker. So it's very interesting. I'm getting information on it now. Happened last night. It could be a terrific thing.I know -- I believe strongly in freedom of the press. I’m a big, big believer in freedom of the press, but I'm also a believer in classified information. Has to remain classified. And that includes Comey and his band of thieves who leak classified information all over the place.So I’m a very big believer in freedom of the press, but I’m also a believer that you cannot leak classified information.Yeah, I think it’s very sad. In fact, I want to extend to his family my heartfelt condolences. That was very shocking. When I woke up this morning: Anthony Bourdain is dead. And I enjoyed his show. He was quite a character, I will say. But I just want to extend my condolences. And also to the family of Kate Spade.It may be. You can call it anything you want. It doesn’t matter. It doesn’t matter what you call it. It used to be the G8 because Russia was in it. And now Russia’s not in it.Now, I love our country. I have been Russia’s worst nightmare. If Hillary got in, I’d think Putin is probably going, “Man, I wish Hillary won.” Because you see what I do. But, with that being said, Russia should be in this meeting. Why are we having a meeting without Russia being in the meeting? And I would recommend, and it’s up to them, but Russia should be in the meeting. They should be a part of it.You know, whether you like it or not -- and it may not be politically correct -- but we have a world to run. And in the G7, which used to be the G8, they threw Russia out. They should let Russia come back in. Because we should have Russia at the negotiating table.Say it? What?I may leave a little bit early. It depends on the timing. But I may leave a little bit early. And it depends what happens here.Look, all of these countries have been taking advantage of the United States on trade. You saw where Canada charges our dairy farmers 270 percent tariffs. We don’t charge them, or if we do, it’s like a tiny percentage. So we have to straighten it out.We have massive trade deficits with almost every country. We will straighten that out. And I’ll tell you what, it’s what I do. It won’t even be hard. And in the end, we’ll all get along.But they understand. And you know, they’re trying to act like, “Well, we fought with you in the war.” They don’t mention the fact that they have trade barriers against our farmers. They don’t mention the fact that they’re charging almost 300 percent tariffs. When it all straightens out, we’ll all be in love again.There will be more pardons. I thought Alice, yesterday, was beautiful. I thought Jack Johnson, which was recommended by Sylvester Stallone and some great boxers -- I thought Jack Johnson was a great one.I’m thinking about somebody that you all know very well. And he went through a lot. And he wasn’t very popular then --And he wasn’t very popular then. No, I’m not thinking about O.J. But he’s not -- only you could say O.J. But he was -- look, he was not very popular then. He’s -- certainly, his memory is very popular now. I’m thinking about Muhammad Ali.I’m thinking about that very seriously. And some others. And some folks that have sentences that aren’t fair. But I am thinking about Muhammad Ali.In fact, we’re doing right now, recommendations on -- frankly, we’re doing recommendations on Muhammad Ali.Say it, Peter. What?No. No. No, I’m not above the law. I’d never want anybody to be above the law. But the pardons are a very positive thing for a President. I think you see the way I’m using them. And yes, I do have an absolute right to pardon myself.But I’ll never have to do it because I didn’t do anything wrong. And everybody knows it. There’s been no collusion. There’s been no obstruction. It’s all a made-up fantasy. It’s a witch hunt. No collusion, no obstruction, no nothing.Now, the Democrats have had massive collusion, massive obstruction, and they should be investigated. We’ll see what’s happening. Yeah.I haven’t even thought about it. I haven’t even thought -- I haven’t thought about any of it. It certainly is far too early to be thinking about that.They haven’t been convicted of anything. There’s nothing to pardon. It's far too early to be -- it is far too early to be thinking about it.Well, Scott Pruitt is doing a great job within the walls of the EPA. I mean, we're setting records. Outside, he's being attacked very viciously by the press. And I'm not saying that he's blameless, but we'll see what happens.That's what I want to do. We have 3,000 names. We're looking at them. Of the 3,000 names, many of those names really have been treated unfairly. You know, this is a group of 3,000 that we've assembled. And I would get more thrill out of pardoning people that nobody knows -- like Alice, yesterday.I thought Kim Kardashian was great because she brought Alice to my attention. Alice was so great. And the way she left that jail, and the tears and the love that she has with her family -- I mean, to me, that was better than any celebrity that I can pardon.So we're looking at it. But we are looking at literally thousands of names of people that have come to our attention that have been treated unfairly, or where their sentence is far too long.I didn't invite them. No, I didn't invite Lebron James, and I didn't invite Steph Curry. We're not going to invite either team. But we have other teams that are coming.You know, if you look, we had Alabama, national champion; we had Clemson, national champion; we had the New England Patriots; we had the Pittsburgh Penguins last year.I think we'll have the Caps. I mean, we'll see. You know my attitude: If they want to be here -- it's the greatest place on Earth -- I'm here. If they don't want to be here, I don't want them.I think if you look at what Paul Ryan is saying, it didn't come out that way. The fact is, they had people in our campaign -- they had people doing things that have never been done in the history of this country, and it really is a disgrace. And frankly, that stuff is just starting to come out.Fire who?We'll see what happens. We'll see what happens.Mitt Romney said what?Well, we're doing well. Look, Mitt's a straight shooter. Whether people love him or don't love him --Mitt Romney is a straight shooter. And yeah, he -- that's a very nice thing to say. I appreciate that. That's good.I love Canada, but they treat us very unfairly on trade. Very, very unfairly. You see the numbers. Almost 300 percent on dairy. So they treat us very unfairly.Are you guys all going? You better get going, Peter. We'll leave without you.I would only do a deal if I get it through Congress. I wouldn't do like Obama did. And fortunately, he wasn't able to get it through. You know, he tried to get it through -- the Iran deal. He tried to get it through Congress, failed. So he just did it without, which is why I was able to break it up so easy.And Iran is now a different country. They're not looking to the Mediterranean anymore; Iran is now a much different company -- country since I did -- since I signed that out, Iran is a much different country.I really do. I support Senator Gardner. I know exactly what he's doing; we're looking at it. But I probably will end up supporting that, yes.The First Lady is great. Right there. She has to -- and she wanted to go -- can't fly for one month.The doctors say. She had a big operation. That was a -- close to a four-hour operation. And she's doing great. Right there. And you know what? She is a great First Lady.Terrible.We'll be talking to them, but that's terrible. Okay, any other questions?Was one of my lawyers. Incredible that you can break into a lawyer's office. That's one thing I can say. And I think that was unfortunate that they broke into a lawyer's office. Not a good practice.Well, the Democrats -- this is a Democrat bill. The Democrats can end that very quickly. All they have to do is sit down with us and negotiate a real bill allows us to keep criminals out of this country. It’s very easy.You know, Schumer is a guy -- he complains, but he doesn’t do anything. Schumer is a guy who is an obstructer. He can’t do anything. All he can do is obstruct. All they have to do is call us and we’ll draw a bill that gives us great border safety and security and is fair. Because I don’t like the children being separated from the parents. I don’t like it. I hate it.But that’s a Democrat bill that we’re enforcing. We can change it in one day. All they have to do is come and see us.I can’t hear your question, darling. Too much competition. Go ahead.No, you’re not prepared. I can’t believe she’s not prepared. See they’re shocked, right?We’ll bring it up. Yeah. We’ll bring it up.I have work. I have about 15 boxes of work. I will be able to work without being bothered by phone calls, where you people are writing fake stories about me and we have to respond.No, seriously, I mean, I have a lot of work that’s on the plane so that will be good.Look, Rudy is great. But Rudy is Rudy. But Rudy is doing a very good job, actually. Doing a very good job.He said what?I’m not going to disagree with him on that.I can’t hear a word he’s saying.No, he wasn’t, but I like Dennis. A great rebounder. You know when you think -- Dennis was a great rebounder and he wasn’t, relatively speaking, that tall. So that tells you. You know, there’s a rebounding -- there’s a genius for that. Dennis Rodman was a great rebounder.One thing we are thinking about, speaking of sports stars -- the power to pardon is a beautiful thing. You got to get it right. You got to get the right people. I am looking at Muhammad Ali. But those are the famous people. And in one way, it’s easier, and people find it fascinating, but I want to do people that are unfairly treated like an Alice, where she comes out and there’s something beautiful.What I am thinking to do -- you have a lot of people in the NFL, in particular, but in sports leagues. They’re not proud enough to stand for our National Anthem. I don’t like that. What I’m going to do is I’m going to say to them -- instead of talk. It’s all talk, talk, talk. We have a great country, you should stand for our National Anthem. You shouldn’t go in a locker room when our National Anthem is played.I am going to ask all of those people to recommend to me -- because that’s what they’re protesting -- people that they think were unfairly treated by the justice system. And I understand that. And I’m going to ask them to recommend to me people that were unfairly treated -- friends of theirs or people that they know about -- and I’m going to take a look at those applications. And if I find, and my committee finds that they are unfairly treated, then we will pardon them or at least let them out.You know, I don’t have to do that. I’m not looking to grandstand. We’ve got enough grandstanders in this town.I’m just saying, for the leagues, if they have people -- if the players, if the athletes have friends of theirs or people that they know about that have been unfairly treated by the system, let me know.Well, you know, if you think about it, that’s really -- that becomes celebrity advocates. But they know a lot of things that we’re not going to know. They’ve seen a lot of abuse and they’ve seen a lot of unfairness. So if they have -- how do you like that idea, David?Oh, no. I have the absolute right. I don’t have to do it. Never did anything wrong. And you know that better than anybody.I think you have a double edge. Reporters can’t leak. You cannot leak classified information. At the same time, we need freedom of the press. But you cannot leak like Hillary Clinton did, like Comey did; you cannot leak classified information.If you look at the young sailor -- Saucier -- I mean he went to jail over not classified, a much lower level. And it’s very unfair that he goes to jail, and that Comey's allowed to do it all over. It's very unfair.Thank you much. I'll see you in Canada.Thank you very much. Today I'm greatly honored to welcome my good friend, Prime Minister Abe of Japan, to the White House. Over the past 16 months, the Prime Minister and I have worked closely together to address common challenges, of which there are many; seize opportunities; and advance the interests of our nations. Today, we have had another deeply productive and very valuable discussion.We have developed not only a strong working relationship over the last year and a half, specifically 503 days, but a great personal friendship. I was honored by the tremendous hospitality the Prime Minister showed me when the American delegation went to Japan last year. It was really something very special. And we had the Prime Minister and Mrs. Abe as our guest at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach.The steadfast alliance between Japan and the United States is an enduring force of peace and stability in the Pacific region and around the world. From the beginning of my administration, the Prime Minister and I have been working to expand our cooperation in a range of areas, including defense and commerce, which is what we discussed today.As I prepare to meet next week with Kim Jong Un -- and I want to bring up the fact that the Prime Minister Abe and, also, President Moon of South Korea were extremely helpful, cooperative, and they'd like to see something happen. It would be great for North Korea, South Korea. It would be great for Japan, the United States, and the world. Our partnership has been invaluable in reaching this important moment, and we will continue to be in very close communication in the weeks ahead, including the issue of Japanese abductees, which I know is of great personal importance to Prime Minister Abe.I hope the upcoming meeting in Singapore represents the beginning of a bright new future for North Korea and indeed a bright new future for the world. The denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula would usher in a new era of prosperity, security, and peace for all Koreans -- for North and South -- and for people everywhere.Prime Minister Abe and I are also working to improve the trading relationship between the United States and Japan -- something we have to do. The United States seeks a bilateral deal with Japan that is based on the principle of fairness and reciprocity. We're working hard to reduce our trade imbalance, which is very substantial, remove barriers to U.S. exports, and to achieve a fair and mutually beneficial economic partnership. And we're on our way.The Prime Minister was telling us just moments ago that they're buying billions and billions of dollars of additional products of all kinds -- military jets, airliners from Boeing, lots of farm products. We're going to be doing a lot more business with Japan, which is what everybody wants to see.There's never been a better time to invest in the United States. Thanks to our massive tax cuts, historic deregulation, a strong trade policy, which has just really begun -- because I will tell you over the years it has been an extraordinarily weak trade policy -- the opening of American energy, and a return to the rule of law, our economy is absolutely booming. Best it's ever been.Unemployment is at the lowest level in nearly half a century. And for African American and Hispanic American workers, unemployment has reached its lowest level ever recorded.We welcome and encourage Japanese investors to open new plants and factories in the United States. And that will happen. The Prime Minister has told me that will happen. We want new auto plants going into Michigan and Pennsylvania and Ohio -- and many of our states that have them and some that don't. And they'll be doing that.Japan has also remained a critical partner in our efforts to promote a free and open Pacific region where sovereign nations uphold the rule of law, respect the rights of their neighbors, and honor the interests of their people. These core principles allow diverse nations to thrive and prosper altogether in one beautiful, peaceful atmosphere. We're all happy about it. It's what's happening now.Prime Minister Abe, it is a true privilege to work with you. You've become my great friend. I want to thank you for being here at the White House for our meetings today. So productive. I'm also very proud to say that the bonds between our nations are stronger than ever before.And I know that, together, we can unlock incredible new opportunities, achieve remarkable new prosperity, and ensure the safety and security of our citizens for a very, very long time to come. And that's what we intend to do.Thank you very much. Thank you. Mr. Prime Minister, thank you.Appreciate it. So we'll take a few questions, if we can start.John Roberts, go ahead.Well, the letter was just a greeting. It was really very nice. Perhaps I can get approval to put it out. It was really a very warm letter, a very nice letter. I appreciated it very much. And nothing other than: We look forward to seeing you, and we look forward to the summit, and hopefully some wonderful things will work out.So it was really very warm, very nice. We appreciated it.I think, John, that we are going to -- we're going to have a great success. I don’t think it will be in one meeting. I think it will take longer than that. This has been going on for many, many decades.This is something that should have been solved by other Presidents, as I've said often before, long before this point. They waited until the last second. And they shouldn't have waited. This should have been solved by many others. I'm not just saying President Obama; I'm saying other Presidents. A long time ago, this could have been solved in a lot easier manner and a lot less dangerous manner. But it wasn't. So I'll solve it, and we'll get it done.As far as the Prime Minister is concerned, we will agree and we have agreed that we're going to be helping -- if the deal is done, we're going to be helping North Korea. We're going to be working with China. We're going to be working with South Korea.President Xi of China has been terrific. The border has been certainly more closed than ever before. I'd like them to close it a little bit more, but it's been more closed than ever before. China has never worked with us this way. And, you know, I give him a lot of credit because, as you know, we're in a dispute as to the imbalance of trade.It's a massive imbalance in China's favor. It's been that way for many decades, and it should have also been handled by previous Presidents. But it wasn't, so we'll handle that too.But I give President Xi tremendous credit, and I give President Moon tremendous credit. He really would like to see something happen. They've been living with the threat of war from their beginning, and it doesn't make sense. And I really believe that Kim Jong Un wants to do something. I think he wants to see something incredible happen for the people of North Korea.So we have a lot of great opportunities right now. Shouldn't have waited to this point, but we have a lot of great opportunity. John, please.Well, it could be. We could sign an agreement. As you know, that would be a first step. It's what happens after the agreement that really is the big point.But, yes, we could absolutely sign an agreement. We're looking at it. We're talking about it with them. We're talking about it with a lot of other people. But that could happen. But that's really the beginning. Sounds a little bit strange, but that's probably the easy part; the hard part remains after that.Normalizing relations is something that I would expect to do, I would hope to do, when everything is complete. We would certainly hope to do that.I know that Prime Minister Abe and President Moon have told me, very strongly, that they are going to go and they will help them economically, tremendously. Japan has a tremendous stake and so do they. We, on the other hand, are very far away. We're very, very far away.But Japan will be helping. I believe China will be helping economically, also. And I think China wants to see something very good happen, very positive happen. And certainly, South Korea has already stated their intentions. They will be very helpful.So there are lot of good factors lined up for North Korea. A lot of tremendous factors that give it tremendous potential. It has tremendous potential because the people are great. And we would certainly like to see normalization, yes.Yes. Thank you very much. Maximum pressure is absolutely in effect. We don't use the term anymore because we're going into a friendly negotiation. Perhaps after that negotiation I will be using it again. You'll know how well we do in the negotiation. If you hear me saying we're going to use "maximum pressure," you'll know the negotiation did not do well, frankly. There's no reason to say it.We, in the meantime, haven't removed any sanctions. We have a list of over 300 massive, in some cases, sanctions to put on North Korea. And I've decided to hold that until we can make a deal, because I really believe there's a potential to make a deal. And I just don't think it's nice going in under those circumstances.But, yes, the campaign hasn't changed. China has continued to hold the border. We, again, would like them to do more in that sense. But they've been really good, and the President has been very good. But maximum sanction is there. We are leaving all of the existing sanctions on. We have many, many sanctions to go, but I don't want to use them unless it's necessary. And I don't think it will be necessary, but we will soon know. Okay? Thank you.Saagar Enjeti. Where's Saagar? Daily Caller.All I can say is I am totally prepared to walk away. I did it once before. You have to be able to walk away. If you're not going to be able to walk away -- we didn't walk away from the horrible Iran deal that was signed. And if you look at what's happened since I signed that deal, Iran -- and in all fairness, I say it with great respect for the people of Iran -- but Iran is acting a lot differently.They're no longer looking so much to the Mediterranean. They're no longer looking so much to what's going on in Syria, what's going on in Yemen and lots of other places. They're a much different country over the last three months.And again, I say that with hope that maybe something can happen. But when you mention sanctions, we're putting sanctions on Iran, the likes of which nobody has ever seen before, including, frankly, North Korea. That would have been the next phase, if we did it or find it necessary to do.But nuclear to me is always first. And we're going to be fine, with respect to Iran. But we also, Saagar, got something out of it that's very important. A lot of the people that write about this, some of whom I have respect for, but they haven't picked it up: Iran is not the same country that it was a few months ago.They're a much, much different group of leaders. And I hope at some point they'll come to us and we'll sit down, and we'll make a deal that's good for them, and good for us, and good for everybody. And it will be great for Iran. I expect it to be -- I want it to be great for Iran.But if they would have walked -- our side -- from some of the horrible provisions that you know as well as I do, and probably everybody sitting here knows, we could have had a great deal. Nothing wrong with a deal, but there's something wrong with that deal. We had a great opportunity to make a phenomenal deal.So I am totally prepared to walk. It could happen. Maybe it won't be necessary. I hope it won't be necessary to walk because I really believe that Kim Jong Un wants to do something that is going to be great for his people and also great for his family and great for himself.Okay? Thank you very much.Maybe we'll start with the White House. What do you think? [Laughter]You know, I can speak first because I will tell you, on the Prime Minister's behalf, that he very much talked about abduction. It was preeminent in our conversations. He talked about it long and hard and passionately. And I will follow his wishes, and we will be discussion that with North Korea, absolutely. Absolutely. Prime Minister, go ahead.I'd like to just close by paying my highest respect and regards and love, frankly -- I've gotten to know them very well -- to the Warmbier family, the incredible family of Otto Warmbier, who was a brilliant, beautiful, terrific young man. And he has not died in vain, I can tell you that. He has not died in vain. So to the Warmbier family, our love and our respect.Also, I'd like to say that we were tremendously successful in getting our three hostages back. And I'm very thankful to the cooperation that we received from North Korea. And the three United States citizens are now very happily ensconced in their homes with their families. They're very happy. They didn't think this was going to happen. And frankly, it would never have happened, but it has.So I just want to wish them well also. They had a tough journey, but I really respect the fact that we were able to work with the North Korean folks and get them out. They're very, very well ingrained already. They're back into -- they were telling me they're now going to movies and they're going out to dinner, and they're back. They're back in our country, and it's a terrific thing.I believe we're going to have a terrific success or a modified success. But in one form or another, if it all goes -- and things can happen between now and then -- but I know many of you are going. And I look forward to seeing you there. I look forward to traveling with you.It's a long way. But I really believe that we have the potential to do something incredible for the world. And it's my honor to be involved. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you.The meeting went very well. We'll be meeting on June 12th in Singapore. It went very well. It's really a get-to-know-you kind of a situation.Mike has spent two days doing this. We've gotten to know their people very well. And we will -- you people are going to have to travel because you'll be in Singapore on June 12th.And I think it'll be a process. It's not -- I never said it goes in one meeting. I think it's going to be a process. But the relationships are building, and that's a very positive thing.Well, I think they want to do that. I know they want to do that. They want other things along the line. They want to develop as a country. That's going to happen. I have no doubt. Japan is involved, as you know. And South Korea is very much involved. We're involved in terms of getting everything. Everybody wants the United States. So we're going to help in the process very much. Without us, it wouldn't happen.But I think that you see a lot of very positive things, including with China. I think you see a lot of very positive things happening with President Xi, who has helped me quite a bit with this. So we'll see where it leads.But we're going to be -- June 12th, we'll be in Singapore. It will be a beginning. I don't say and I've never said it happens in one meeting. You're talking about years of hostility; years of problems; years of, really, hatred between so many different nations. But I think you're going to have a very positive result in the end. Not from one meeting, but you're going to have a very positive --My letter was a response to their letter. The media forgot that. You know, the media said, Oh, you had a meeting, then you cancelled. I didn't cancel the meeting. I cancelled it in response to a very tough statement. And I think we're over that -- totally over that. And now we're going to deal, and we're going to really start a process.We're meeting with the Chairman on June 12th. And I think it's probably going to be a very successful -- ultimately, a successful process. We'll see.Remember what I say: We will see what we will see. But I think it's going to be a process that we deserve to have. I mean, we really deserve -- they want it. We think it's important. And I think we would be making a big mistake if we didn't have it. I think we're going to have a relationship, and it will start on June 12th.Well, this was a very good meeting. Don't forget, this was a meeting where a letter was given to me by Kim Jong Un, and that letter was a very nice letter. Oh, would you like to see what was in that letter? Would you like it?How much? How much? How much?Ah, it was a very interesting letter. And at some point I may be -- it may be appropriate, and maybe I'll be able to give it to you. Maybe you'll be able to see it, and maybe fairly soon. But really, this was a letter presentation that ended up being a two-hour conversation.Because we found the whole subject matter very interesting. And because I really think they want to do something. And if it's possible, so do we.I think all we're going to do is be there on June 12th, and we're going to see what happens. Mike has been dealing very well. They have a very good relationship with Mike Pompeo, our Secretary of State. It was actually very interesting because this was literally going to be the delivery of a letter, and it ended up being a two-hour conversation with the second most powerful man in North Korea.We talked about almost everything. We talked about a lot. And we talked about sanctions.I don't want to say that.We talked about about a lot of things. We really did. But the big deal will be on June 12th. And again, it's a process. It doesn't go -- we're not going to sign a -- we're not going to go in and sign something on June 12th and we never were. We're going to start a process.And I told them today, Take your time. We can go fast. We can go slowly. But I think they'd like to see something happen. And if we can work that out, that will be good. But the process will begin on June 12th in Singapore.Yeah, I do think so. He'd like to see it happen. He wants to be careful. He wants to be, you know -- he's not going to run and do things. But I told him, to be honest with you, look, we have sanctions on; they're very powerful sanctions. We would not take sanctions off unless they did that.But the sanctions are very powerful. You've seen how powerful in other ways. You're going to see how powerful sanctions are when it comes to Iran. You see what that's doing to Iran.So we have sanctions on. And at a certain point, I'll tell you what, I look forward to the day when I can take the sanctions off of North Korea.We did not talk about human rights, no.Could be. Yeah. Could be. I think we probably will, and maybe in great detail. We did not talk about human rights.Yeah, we did. We talked about it. Yes, they asked about sanctions.Excuse me?It's going to remain what it is now. I don't even want to use the term maximum pressure anymore because I don't want to use that term because we're getting along. You see the relationship. We're getting along.So it's not a question of maximum pressure. It's staying essentially the way it is. At some point, hopefully, a deal -- for the good of millions of people, a deal will be worked out.Well, I think they're okay. I mean, I think they're good. Is it like the relationships we have with a couple of other countries? Probably not. Right? But I think the relationship we have right now with North Korea is as good as it's been in a long time.They had no relationship under the previous administration. There was nothing. It was nothing. They were explaining, it was just a nothing. Nothing was done.Hey, folks, this should not be up to me. This should have been handled a long time ago. This got to a very critical point. This should have been handled many years ago -- not only by President Obama, but by other Presidents that preceded me. This shouldn't be done now, this should have been done years ago.Well, what's going to happen is South Korea will do that. No, I don't think the United States is going to have to spend. I think South Korea will do it. I think China -- I think, frankly, China will help out.I think that Japan will help out. No, I don't see the United States spending a lot of money. You know, we have three hostages. How much money did I spend for the hostages?And, look, we're very far away. We are very far away. Those places are very close. It's their neighborhood. We're thousands -- we're 6,000 miles away. So I've already told South Korea, I said, You know, you're going to have to get ready. And Japan, also.And I think they really want to see something great happen. Japan does, South Korea does, and I think China does. But that's their neighborhood; it's not our neighborhood.Yeah, I didn't like it.I didn't like it, but it could be very positive, too. I didn't like the Russian meeting yesterday. I said, What's the purpose of that? But, it could be a positive meeting. If it's a positive meeting, I love it. If it's a negative meeting, I'm not happy. And it could very well be a positive meeting.Well, we could -- that could happen. That could happen. We talked about it.We talked about ending the war. And you know, this war has been going on -- it's got to be the longest war -- almost 70 years, right? And there is a possibility of something like that. That's more of a signing of a document that it's very important in one way. Historically, it's very important. But we'll see.And we did discuss that -- the ending of the Korean War. Can you believe that we're talking about the ending of the Korean War? You're talking about 70 years.Well, we're going to discuss it prior to the meeting. That's something that could come out of the meeting. I think, really, there's something that maybe could come out of the meeting.I think China would like to see a very positive result. I have a lot of good relations with, as you know, Chairman Xi. He's a great -- he's really a very wonderful guy. He's a man that loves China. However, he wants to do what's best for China. I think China and President Xi would love to see something happen here.Well, we're going to make sure it's secure. We're going to make sure when this is over, it's over. It's not going to be starting up again.And they have a potential to be a great country. And I think South Korea is going to help a lot. Japan is going to help a lot. I think China is going to help a lot.Well, that's a very complicated question, frankly, but you'll see that over a period of time.I really think you can. And I think it's going to be very successful. They're incredible people. I think it's going to be a very great success. So we'll see what happens.But we'll see you -- we will see you on June 12th, but I'm sure we'll see you a little bit before that. In the meantime, how is Sarah doing? Okay? [Laughter]The -- which one?I told them, I think that you're going to have, probably, others. Hey, wouldn't it be wonderful if we walked out and everything was settled all of a sudden from sitting down for a couple of hours? No, I don't see that happening. But I see over a period of time. And frankly, I said, Take your time. Take your time. It's going to remain as is, but take your time.One thing I did do, and it was very important, we had hundreds of new sanctions ready to go on. And he did not -- the director did not ask, but I said I'm not going to put them on until such time as the talks break down.We have very significant sanctions on now. But we had hundreds -- we have hundreds that are ready to go. But I said, I'm not going to. But why would I do that when we're talking so nicely?I think it's a getting to know you meeting, plus. And that can be a very positive thing.No, I didn't. I haven't seen the letter yet. I purposely didn't open the letter. I haven't opened it. I didn't open it in front of the director.I said, Would you want me to open it? He said, You can read it later. I may be in for a big surprise, folks. [Laughter] So long, everybody.Well, NAFTA -- look, it's been a terrible deal for the United States. People are starting to see it. We lose over $100 billion a year with Mexico. We lose many, many, many billions of dollars with Canada. Canada doesn't take -- I mean, they're very restrictive as to taking our agricultural product, and other things.And, you know, all of these countries, including the European Union, they charge five times the tariff. We don't charge tariffs, essentially. They charge five times what we charge for tariffs. And I believe in the word reciprocal. You're going to charge five times? We're going to charge five times. That hasn't been done. No other President ever brought it up. And it's going to be done now.So we're negotiating numerous deals. We're talking about NAFTA. To be honest with you, I wouldn't see NAFTA -- I wouldn't mind seeing NAFTA, where you'd go by a different name, where you make a separate deal with Canada and a separate deal with Mexico because you're talking about a very different two countries.But I wouldn't mind seeing a separate deal with Canada, where you have one type of product, so to speak, and a separate deal with Mexico.These are two very difficult countries. It's been a lousy deal for the United States from day one. We lose a lot of money with Canada, and we lose a fortune with Mexico. And it's not going to happen like that anymore.I mean, Mexico has taken our car companies, a big percentage of them. And we can't do that. And, look, the American worker agrees with me. Obviously, the stock market agrees because when you look at what's going on with the stocks, they're starting to see I'm right.But if you take the European Union and you see the kind of tariff they charge, and then we don't, that's called, not fair trade. I want fair trade. I like free trade, but I want fair trade. At a minimum, I want fair trade.And we're going to have it for our workers and for our companies. And you know what? The other side understands it. To be honest with you, they cannot believe that they've gotten away with this for so many decades.They're our allies but they take advantage of us economically. And so I agree -- I love Canada. I love Mexico. I love them. But Mexico is making over $100 billion a year and they're not helping us with our border because they have strong laws and we have horrible laws. We have horrible border laws. They have strong -- they could solve our border problem if they wanted, but they don't want to. And when they want to, then I'll be happy.But I think we have a good chance of doing some great trade deals, and we'll make America great again. Right? That's what we're doing. But America has picked up -- we've made about $8 trillion in value since -- you know, we're double the size of the economy of China.We've picked up a lot of value, a lot of wealth, since I've been President. More than $8 trillion. And that's a very low number because we're talking stock market wealth. I'm talking about beyond that.Our companies are doing great, we're doing great, our military is rebuilding. We have a lot of great things going. We're going to straighten out trade. The trade is going to be easy.And other countries understand. You know, when I talk to them, they look at me -- and this is in closed doors, not for you people -- and they essentially say, We can't believe we've gotten away with this for so long. It's like, you guys can't believe you've gotten away with it for so long.I want everyone to watch. Because I'll tell you what, we have such a great country. Right now, at this level, I don't think we've ever been, on an economic scale -- you look at the numbers: 3.8 percent. We have the lowest numbers of unemployment that we've had -- is it 50 years? I think it's 50. Fifty years, right?So we have the best -- we have some of the best economic numbers we've ever had as a nation. And that goes a long way. And we're building something very special. Just remember, we're twice the size -- our economy -- twice the size of China. Good meeting today. I think it's a great start.Just a little relaxation and a lot of work. We have a lot of calls set up. I'm calling a lot of the foreign leaders. I'm negotiating trade deals. I'm working. I'm working hard for you people. Have a good time. Thank you.Good morning. I just want to tell you we're doing very well with North Korea. Our Secretary of State has had very good meetings. He's meeting again today. I believe they'll be coming down to Washington on Friday.And a letter is going to be delivered to me from Kim Jong Un. So I look forward to seeing what's in the letter. But it's very important to them. So they'll be, probably, coming down to Washington, D.C. on Friday for the delivery of a letter. I look forward to that.Other than that, the economy is good. Stock market is up. Lot of jobs. Best unemployment we've had in many, many decades, actually. And we're going to Dallas. We're going to Houston. And we're going to have a little fun today. Thank you very much.I don't know. I don't know. But if you know, Steve, let me know.I think it will be very positive. I think it will be very positive. The meetings have been very positive.We'll see what happens. It's a process. It's all a process. We'll see. And hopefully we'll have a meeting on the 12th. That's going along very well, but I want it to be meaningful.It doesn't mean it gets all done at one meeting; maybe you have to have a second or a third. And maybe we'll have none. But it's in good hands, that I can tell you. You know that, actually. Thank you. Thank you.Only because, only because of I felt from I don't know him, I never met him, I called him last night first time I've ever spoken to him I said I'm pardoning you. Nobody asked me to do it.I've always felt he was very unfairly treated. And a lot of people did, a lot of people did. What should have been a quick minor fine, like everybody else with the election stuff….what they did to him was horrible. I always felt that he was … I didn't know him.I read the papers – I see him on television. I'll tell you another one … there's another one that I'm thinking about. Rod Blagojich. 18 years in jail for being stupid and saying things that every other politician, you know that many other politicans say.And If you look at what he said he said something to the effect like what do I get … stupid thing to say. But he's sort of saying .. he's gonna make a US senator which is a very big eal. And it was foolish … 18 years now. I don't know him other than that he was on The Apprentice for a short period of time.18 years is I think really unfair. It's a Democrat. You know D'Souza's a Republican. And I'm seriously thinking about it. I am seriously thinking about – not pardoning – but I am seriously thinking of a curtailment of Blagojvich.Reporter provides the word commutation. Because what he did does not justify 18 years in a jail. If you read his statement it was a foolish statement there was a lot of bravado... but it does not... plenty of other politicians have said a lot worse. And it doesn't, he shouldn't have been put in jail.And he's a Democrat. He's not my party. But I thought that he was treated unfairly. Trump said he spoke to D'Souza for three minutes last night... he almost had a heart attack. And there are others. I think to a certain extent Martha stewart was harshly and unfairly treated. And she used to be my biggest fan in the world … before I became a politicna. But that's ok I don't view it that way.We're going to see what happens. We're talking to them now. It was a very nice statement they put out. We'll see what happens.No, no. We'll see what happens. It could even be the 12th. We're talking to them now. They very much want to do it. We'd like to do it. We're gonna see what happens.I don't know anything about it.John, everybody plays games. You know that. You know that better than anybody.I don't know. I'm not familiar with the case, but it's... it's really too bad. Really too bad.She's doing great. Right there. She's doing great. She's looking at us right there.Hello, folks.All you have to do is look at the basics and you'll see. It looks like a very serious event. But we'll find out. When they look at the documents, I think people are going to see a lot of bad things happened. I hope it's not so, because if it is, there's never been anything like it in the history of our country. I hope -- I mean, if you look at Clapper, he sort of admitted that they had spies in the campaign, yesterday, inadvertently. But I hope it's not true. But it looks like it is.I think James Comey has got a lot of problems. If you look at what at he did, if you look at all of the lies -- the tremendous lies -- if you look at all that's going on, I think James Comey has got a lot of problems.Now, at some point they have an IG report, and then let's see what James Comey has to say. But I assume he's covered in the IG report. But if you look at what he said -- all of the lies, all of the fiction -- I think he's got a lot of problems.Well, I don’t want to get into yet, but I will tell you ---- after we look at the proof -- would he know? I would certainly hope not. But I think it's going to be pretty obvious after a while. We're going now to talk about MS-13 with the great police officers. We're going out to Long Island. I don’t know, are yoNo, no. No, no. We're not undercutting. We're cleaning everything up. This was a terrible situation. What we're doing is we're cleaning everything up. It's so important. What I'm doing is a service to this country. And I did a great service to this country by firing James Comey and --Excuse me. A lot of people have said it. And you go into the FBI, and a lot of those great people working in the FBI, they will tell you, I did a great service to our country by firing James Comey.I want them all to get together and I want them -- because everybody wants this solved. But a lot of bad things have happened. We now call it Spygate. You're calling it Spygate. A lot of bad things have happened. I want them all to get together. They'll sit in a room. Hopefully they'll be able to work it out among themselves.NAFTA? Excuse me, NAFTA?I think your autoworkers and your auto companies in this country are going to be very happy with what's going to happen. You'll be seeing very soon what I'm talking about. NAFTA is very difficult. Mexico has been very difficult to deal with. Canada has been very difficult to deal with. They have been taking advantage of the United States for a long time. I am not happy with their requests.But I will tell you, in the end, we win. We will win, and we'll win big. We'll get along with Mexico; we'll get along with Canada. But I will tell you, they have been very difficult to deal with. They're very spoiled -- because nobody has done this. But I will tell you that what they ask for is not fair. Our autoworkers are going to be extremely happy.Say it? What?Well, we're going to see what happens. On Singapore, we're going to see. And it could happen. It could very well happen. But whatever it is, it is. We will know next week about Singapore. And if we go, I think it will be a great thing for North Korea.I can't hear you, John.Someday a date will happen. It could very well be June 12th. Someday a date will absolutely happen. It could very well be June 12th. We'll see. We'll know next week.Well, they're going to all be in the room tomorrow. We're going to see what happens. What I want is I want total transparency.Wait. You have to have transparency.Even they probably want transparency, because this issue supersedes a party. This supersedes Republicans and Democrats. So what I want from Rod, from the FBI, from everybody -- we want transparency. And you know what? I think in their own way they are obstructionists, but even the Democrats, I really believe, on this issue -- it supersedes -- I think they want transparency too.I want to just tell you something. General Kelly is doing a fantastic job. There has been such false reporting about our relationship. We have a great relationship. He's doing a great job as Chief of Staff. I could not be more happy. So I just want to tell you that.The New York Times has falsely reported. They've said things that are absolutely false. So I just want to tell you that. And, General, you may have something --I'm not changing any stories. All I'm telling you is that this country is right now running so smooth. And to be bringing up that kind of crap, and to be bringing up witch hunts all the time -- that's all you want to talk about. You're going to see --Excuse me --No, but you have to -- excuse me. You take a look at what I said. You go back and take a look. You'll see what I said.Excuse me, you go take a look at what we said. But this is a witch hunt like nobody has ever seen before. And what they should do is look at the other side, where terribly bad things have happened, where terribly bad things have been done.But what I do want you to do is look at our economy. Today, we broke 4 percent; 3.9 percent we hit today for the first time in many, many years. We're really proud of it, and we'll talk to you folks later.But I will tell you -- I will tell you this, I will tell you this: When Rudy made the statement -- Rudy is great -- but Rudy had just started, and he wasn't totally familiar with every -- you know, with everything. And Rudy -- we love Rudy, he's a special guy. What he really understands is that this is a witch hunt. He understands that probably better than anybody.Excuse me, excuse me. But Rudy -- Rudy understands this better than anybody. But when he made a certain statement -- he just started yesterday. So that's it.So bottom line is -- bottom line is: I want to talk to the people in charge, if they can prove that it's a fair situation. The problem we have is that you have 13 people -- they're are all Democrats, and they're real Democrats; they're angry Democrats. And that's not a fair situation. Thank you very much.We have a chance of bringing -- we have a chance -- we're doing very well with the hostages. We're in constant contact with the leadership. We are in constant contact with North Korea. We've actually worked out a time and a place which will be announced shortly and very soon.I figured you would ask that question.But -- wait a minute --Not really. Not at this moment, certainly not.No. No. And we haven't been asked to. Now, I have to tell you, at some point into the future, I would like to save the money. You know, we have 32,000 troops there. But I think a lot of great things will happen. But troops are not on the table. Absolutely.I tell you what -- Rudy is a great guy, but he just started a day ago. But he really has his heart into it. He's working hard. He's learning the subject matter. And he's going to be issuing a statement too. But he is a great guy. He knows it's a witch hunt. That's what he knows. He's seen a lot of them. And he said he's never seen anything so horrible.As an example, 33,000 emails requested by Congress with a subpoena, and they get burned, they get deleted. And nobody says anything. Give me a break.So Rudy knows it's a witch hunt. He started yesterday. He'll get his facts straight. He's a great guy. But what he does is he feels it's a very bad thing for our country, and he happens to be right.Well, you're going to find out, because we're going to give a full list. And people know. And virtually everything said has been said incorrectly, and it's been said wrong, or it's been covered wrong by the press -- just like NBC and ABC yesterday covered the story wrong. But you'll be finding out. It's very -- it's actually --Wait a minute. It's actually very simple. It's actually very simple. But there has been a lot of misinformation, really. People wanting to say -- and I say, you know what, learn before you speak. It's a lot easier.We're having very substantive talks with North Korea. And a lot of things have already happened with respect to the hostages. And I think you're going to see very good things. As I said yesterday, stayed tuned. I think you're going to be seeing very, very good things.And also, the trip is being scheduled. We now have a date and we have a location. We'll be announcing it soon.Well, the problem with sitting is this: You have a group of investigators, and they say that I am not a target. And I'm not a target. But you have a group of investigators that are all DemocratsIn some cases, they went to the Hillary Clinton celebration that turned out to be a funeral. So you have all these investigators; they're Democrats. In all fairness, Bob Mueller worked for Obama for eight years.If you look at the statements that were made, if you take a look, as an example, at the Rod Rosenstein letter to me, prior to the firing of James Comey, just read it; put it in the air. Your viewers don’t know about it. Put that letter on the air. It very much speaks very loudly, and that's just one thing.So I would say this: If I could be -- I would love to speak. I would love to. Nobody wants to speak more than me -- in fact, against my lawyers, because most lawyers, they never speak on anything. I would love to speak, because we've done nothing wrong. There was no collusion with the Russians. There was nothing. There was no obstruction.You know, very funny -- if you fight back, because you people say something wrong, or they say something wrong, or they leak, which they've been doing; if you fight back, they say, oh, that's obstruction of justice. If somebody says something wrong, and you fight back, they say that's obstruction of justice. It's nonsense. So let me just --Wait, wait. Let me just tell you. So I would love to speak. I would love to go. Nothing I want to do more, because we did nothing wrong. We ran a great campaign. We won easily. We won that easily: 306 to -- I think, it was 223. We won it easily. That was a great victory. That was a great day for this country.We just had new jobs numbers out. You saw we broke 4 -- 3.9 percent. I would love to go. I would love to speak. But I have to find that we're going to be fairly.Wait, wait. I have to find that we're going to be treated fairly, because everybody sees it now, and it is a pure witch hunt. Right now, it's a pure witch hunt.Why don’t we have Republicans looking also? Why aren’t we having Republican people doing what all these Democrats are doing? It is a very unfair thing. If I thought it was fair, I would override my lawyer.I thought the jobs report was very good. The big thing to me was cracking four. That hasn’t been done in a long time; you'll tell me how long. But it hasn’t been done in a long time. We'll full employment. We're doing great. The stock market is doing -- I guess it's up 35 percent since the election.And now I think, really, they're waiting to see what's going to happen on trade, because we're going to have some incredible trade deals announced. My people are coming back right now from China, and we will be doing something, one way or the other, with respect to what's happening in China.And let me say this: I have great respect for President Xi. That's why we're being so nice. And we have a great relationship. But we have to bring fairness into trade between the U.S. and China. And we'll do it.I think it's a good thing happening with North Korea. I think a lot of good things are going to be happening over the next short period of time. But I'll see you over there. It's going to be very exciting.I'd love to. Maybe only you. (Laughter.) I may only give it to you.It will be soon.It will be very soon. I have the date. I have the location. It's all agreed to.I will give it very soon. We'll see you at the -- I'm sure you're thrilled about the NRA, right?He's thrilled about the NRA. You like the NRA, right?Yeah, I do. I'm going to be giving it in a little while. But this is a great organization that loves this country. The NRA is a truly great organization that loves this country. And we have a record crowd. You probably heard, the people are lined for a long distance. But we'll see you over there. We'll do another one, okay?Thank you very much. Thank you.Today, I'm honored to host President Buhari of Nigeria at the White House, right here in the beautiful Rose Garden.President Buhari, I want to thank you very much for traveling to Washington for these important discussions. It's a true pleasure to welcome you to our nation's capital.Nigeria is the largest democracy in Africa. As I conveyed to President Buhari in our discussions, the United States deeply values and appreciates Nigeria's role as a strong democratic leader in the region.The United States is currently working to expand trade and commercial ties with African nations, including Nigeria, to create jobs and wealth in all of our countries. We hope to be the economic partner of choice for nations across the continent and all around the world.And you see what's happening with respect to trade and the United States. We are being respected again.I hope all African countries and countries throughout the world, that we also will be supporting you and that they will, likewise, support us in our bid, along with Canada and Mexico, for the 2026 World Cup.We will be watching very closely. And any help that they could give us in that bid, we would appreciate.I'm pleased that Nigeria is one of our largest trading partners in the region, and we look forward to growing our trade relationship based on the principle of fairness and reciprocity.But we give Nigeria well over $1 billion in aid every year. And we have already started talking with the president about taking down the trade barriers -- very substantial barriers to the United States trading with Nigeria. So we think that we are owed that.President Buhari has also taken several steps to fight corruption and improve the Nigerian business climate. And, most of all, to me, yet again, is ripping down those trade barriers.These measures will make it easier for Nigeria and the United States companies to invest, and we will be investing substantially in Nigeria if they can create that level playing field that we have to, very much, ask for and maybe demand.I especially want to thank President Buhari for Nigeria's partnership and leadership in the fight against terrorism. He's been a real leader. Nigeria was one of the first African nations to join the Coalition to Defeat ISIS, and Nigerian forces are currently leading regional efforts against ISIS in West Africa. And doing very well, as we have.Nigeria is also leading African nations in the fight against Boko Haram and -- another ruthless jihadist terrorist group. They -- we've been reading about them. They kidnapped the young girls and young women, many of whom never are seen again. It's tough stuff.This summer, it was my honor to meet with two brave young women, Joy Bishara and Lydia Pogu, who were kidnapped by Boko Haram in April of 2014 at the secondary school in Nigeria.I was deeply moved by their inspiring stories of courage, resilience and survival. They really were two amazing young women. I told Joy and Lydia, my administration is committed to combating both jihadist terrorism and the scourge of human trafficking and smuggling.In the world today, there is more human trafficking than there has ever been, if you can believe this. They use the internet better than almost anybody is able to use the internet. So think of it: In a modern world, in this world, there's more human trafficking and slavery than at any time in the history of this world. It's hard to believe.To protect Americans from these menaces, I have called on Congress to close deadly immigration loopholes that are exploited by terrorists, traffickers and criminals.Just look at our southern border and our weak and obsolete immigration laws. They are obsolete and they are weak and they are pathetic. And there's no country in the world that has laws like we do. They've got to change and they've got to change now for the safety of our country.We're also helping our Nigerian partners by facilitating intelligence cooperation and providing training and military equipment to Nigerian forces.For example, we recently sold Nigeria 12 U.S. A-29 Super Cutano aircraft -- it's a great aircraft -- in the first ever sale of American military equipment to Nigeria. These new aircraft will improve Nigeria's ability to target terrorists and protect civilians.Finally, we're deeply concerned by religious violence in Nigeria, including the burning of churches and the killing and persecution of Christians. It's a horrible story.We encourage Nigeria and the federal, state and local leaders to do everything in their power to immediately secure the affected communities and to protect innocent civilians of all faiths, including Muslims and including Christians.Mr. President, thank you again for visiting the White House and being with us today. Nigeria is a valued partner and a good friend. I look forward to working closely with you to deepen our cooperation and forge an even closer partnership. The United States is committed to working alongside Nigeria as we seek a future of strength, prosperity and peace for both of our countries.Mr. President, thank you very much. Thank you. [Applause]Thank you, Mr. President. Thank you very much. Thank you, sir. Steve Miller of the Washington Times, please, Washington Times. Thank you, Steve.I don't think it would, number one. And there's no reason to apologize. Our immigration laws in this country are a total disaster. They're laughed at all over the world. They're laughed at for their stupidity. And we have to have strong immigration laws.So I think if I apologize, it wouldn't make 10 cents worth of difference to them. There's nothing to apologize for. We have to have strong immigration laws to protect our country. And looking to the future, the caravan has arrived at the U.S. border.We've been watching it. We've been watching it.Well, I won't get into percentages. But we are a nation of laws. We have to have borders. We don't have borders, we don't have a country. And I've been watching for weeks as the caravan came up. And, you know, the Mexican laws are very tough on immigration, extremely tough.And it started out with way over a thousand people. I guess now it's down to about a hundred going all through Mexico. People don't realize what a big country Mexico is. But it came down by a lot.And now we're working on the border with the worst laws any country -- no matter where you go, all over the world, they can't even believe it. And we're doing the best we can with it.But we have to have changes in Congress, and we have to have it quickly.We need a wall, number one. And you see that right now, you know, where they are, even though it's not a particularly good wall, and even though a small percentage can climb to the top, they have to be in extremely good shape. But a small percentage can climb that particular wall. We have a wall that's much more difficult.But if you didn't have that, you'd have thousands of people just pouring into our country. You got to have a wall. And we need border security. And we will have border security.But if you didn't have that, you'd have thousands of people just pouring into our country. You got to have a wall. And we need border security. And we will have border security.Well, we more and more are -- because it's a very fair question. We more and more are not wanting to be the policemen of the world. And we're spending tremendous amounts of money for decades on policing the world and that shouldn't be our priority. We want to police ourselves, and we want to rebuild our country.And the president understands that. And they've come a long way. They're doing a great job. We're contributing to that job, but they have done a great job. What we do want to do, though, is open Nigeria and other countries up to trade, because we have spent over the last decade a number that's so large, you wouldn't even believe it.And I think we'll be treated in a reciprocal fashion now, as of today. So I think that's going to happen. And I have great respect for the president.OK? How about Jordan Fabian? Where's Jordan? Jordan, The Hill?Thank you.No. I think it sends the right message. You know, in seven years that deal will have expired, and Iran is free to go ahead and create nuclear weapons. That's not acceptable. Seven years is tomorrow. That's not acceptable.So, no. If anything, it's proven right. What Israel has done today, with the news conference and -- Prime Minister Netanyahu just gave a very -- I don't know if everybody's seen it, but I got to see a little bit of it.And that is just not an acceptable situation. And I've been saying that's happening. They're not sitting back idly. They're setting off missiles which they say are for television purposes. I don't think so.So we'll see what happens. I -- I'm not telling you what I'm doing, but a lot of people think they know. And on or before the 12th, we'll make a decision. That doesn't mean we won't negotiate a real agreement. You know, this is an agreement that wasn't approved by too many people. And it's a horrible agreement for the United States.Including the fact, Mr. President, that we gave Iran $150 billion and $1.8 billion in cash -- Nigeria would like some of that -- $1.8 billion in cash and $150 billion. You know what we got? We got nothing. We got nothing.So that doesn't mean I wouldn't negotiate a new agreement. We'll see what happens. But I think if anything, what's happening today and what's happened over the last little while and what we've learned has really shown that I've been 100 percent right.We didn't discuss it. And you do have some countries that are in very bad shape and very tough places to live in. But we didn't discuss it because the president knows me, and he knows where I'm coming from. And I appreciate that. We did not discuss it. Mr. President, you can ask a question.Well, I would like to visit Nigeria. I'd like very much to visit Nigeria. It's a -- it's an amazing country. And in -- in certain ways, I hear, from the standpoint of the beauty of a country, there's no country more beautiful. So I would like to.And the first part of your question, I couldn't hear what you were saying. Go ahead.Oh, helicopters. Oh.We love helicopters. He likes them more than I do. He likes buying helicopters. But he is -- and they're buying a lot of helicopters. Helicopters...Very soon.Yes, very soon. We're getting it approved. Part of the problem was that you weren't allowed to buy helicopters in our country and now you are. I worked that out so that now you can buy the helicopters that you want.They weren't allowed to buy the helicopters in our country for various reasons which, frankly, were not good reasons. But now, they get them and they get them very quickly. And they are the best helicopters anywhere in the world. We make the best military equipment in the world. And our friends can now buy that equipment. Mr. President?Did you have a question for the president?Thank you.Yes. We have actually discussed all of those topics at length over the last period of time. And in terms of corruption, Nigeria has a reputation, as you understand very well, for very massive corruption. I also know that the president has been able to cut that down very substantially. We talked about it. He is working on it and they have made a lot of progress. And I think they will continue to make a lot of progress.We have a lot of people in this country -- and, frankly, the country itself -- that invests in Nigeria. So cutting down on that corruption element and a corrupt element is very important to us. And the president will be able to do that.President? [Crosstalk]I think maybe more than anything else what we discussed today was our agricultural products going into Nigeria, which Nigeria wants but we have certain barriers that don't allow that to happen.So for the good of our farmers, U.S. farmers, and for the good of Nigeria and all of Africa, it's very important that we are able to sell our great agricultural products into Nigeria. And that will happen and we're going to be working on that right away. OK? Thank you all very much. Thank you, everybody. Thank you.It's possible. It's very possible.Well, it was an interesting thought. And I had that thought. We're looking at various countries, including Singapore. And we are also talking about the possibility of the DMZ Peace House/Freedom House.And there's something that I thought was intriguing. I think that some people maybe don't like the look of that and some people like it very much. I threw it out today as an idea.I also told President Moon, and through President Moon we connected with North Korea.There's something that I like about it, because you're there -- you're actually there. Where if things work out, there's a great celebration to be had on the site, not in a third-party country. So we are looking at the possibility of doing it in that location. We're also looking at various other countries, including Singapore.I will say this: The good news -- everybody wants us. It has the chance to be a big event. And the United States -- I was talking to John Bolton about this a little while ago. The United States has never been closer to potentially having something happen with respect to the Korean Peninsula that can get rid of the nuclear weapons, can create so many good things, so many positive things, and peace and safety for the world.So we'll see what happens. You know, I often say, "Who knows?"" Who knows? Maybe a lot of things change. But Kim Jong-unSo we are looking at that as a potential site, yes. I think it would be very interesting. I think it would be a great celebration if it works out well. And if it doesn't work out well, that's the way it goes. [Crosstalk]Oh, yeah, I think the summit's going to happen. They very much want it. We certainly would like to see it. I think the summit will happen. And personally, I think it's going to be a success, but we'll see. I will say this: If it's not a success, if it's not a success... [Crosstalk]Got to get rid of the nuclear weapons. If it's not a success, I will respectfully leave. It's very simple. Thank you all very much. Thank you.Thank you very much. Today, I'm honored to welcome Chancellor Angela Merkel back to the White House. Over the past year, I have enjoyed getting to know the chancellor very well through many productive calls, discussions and meetings. We have a great relationship.Chancellor, I want to congratulate you once again on your election victory -- fourth term in office. It's really something. Congratulations.We're also pleased to have our newly-confirmed United States ambassador to Germany, Richard Grenell, an outstanding man, and he's with us today. And Richard, congratulations. Do a great job, and I know you will. Thank you.This confirmation was long overdue. We've been waiting a long time for Richard to get his clearance, and he got it, and it's going to be special. But we have a lot of people that are waiting approval, and the Democrats have been treating us extremely unfairly, and they're going to have to move it along.For decades, the alliance and friendship between Germany and the United States has advanced the cause of peace, prosperity and freedom. Today, our nations face a wide array of shared challenges and opportunities, and I am confident that we will meet them together with the same strength and resolve that has always defined the United States-German friendship.This afternoon, I want to congratulate the Republic of Korea on its historic summit with North Korea, and we're encouraged by President Moon and Kim Jong-un's expressed goal of complete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula. I will be meeting with Kim Jong-un in the coming weeks. We look forward to that, and hopefully, it will be productive.I want to thank Chancellor Merkel for her leadership in our campaign of maximum pressure on the North Korean regime, which has helped us to reach this important step, this moment where we are right now. It's taken a long time, many, many decades to get here. Let's see what happens.We seek a future peace, prosperity, and harmony for the whole Korean Peninsula unlocking, not only a brighter future for the people of Korea, but for the people of the world. However, in pursuit of that goal, we will not repeat the mistake of past administrations. Maximum pressure will continue until denuclearization occurs. I look forward to our meeting. It should be quite something.In our meetings today, the Chancellor and I discussed Iran, the Iranian regime that fuels violence, bloodshed and chaos all across the Middle East. We must ensure that this murderous regime does not even get close to a nuclear weapon, and that Iran ends its proliferation of dangerous missiles, and its support for terrorism. No matter where you go in the Middle East, wherever there's a problem, Iran is right there.As we eradicate what little remains of ISIS and Syria, we must also ensure that Iran does not profit from our success. To prevent this outcome, it is essential that our coalition and regional partners step up their financial and military contributions to the anti-ISIS efforts. Some of these countries are immensely wealthy; and they're going to start paying for it, and paying for this tremendous help that we've given them.The chancellor and I also had a productive discussion about the security of Europe and the responsibility of European nations to properly contribute to their own defense. We addressed the need to strengthen NATO and the NATO alliance by ensuring that all member states honor their commitment to spend two percent, and hopefully much more, of GDP on defense. It is essential that our NATO allies increase their financial contributions so that everyone is paying their fair share.We look forward to seeing further progress towards improved burden sharing, and a lot of people have stepped up, a lot of countries have stepped up and they're going to have to continue to do so. A tremendous amount of additional money has been raised for NATO over the past 16 months and I'm proud to have helped, but they have to keep going.In this age of international crime, smuggling, terrorism and trafficking, it is also essential that we have strong border security and immigration control. This is fundamental to national defense.Also vital to our security, and that of our allies, is America's ability to maintain a strong and robust manufacturing base, which we really are doing in the United States. We have additional steel plants opening. Steel plants are expanding. Aluminum is doing great. A lot of things are happening that were never going to happen before.That's why we must have a fair and reciprocal trading relationship with our friends and partners. We have a trade deficit in goods with the European Union of approximately, hard to believe, $151 billion a year, including a $50 billion annual trade deficit in autos and auto parts. I'm committed to working with Chancellor Merkel to reduce barriers for United States exports to remedy these trade imbalances and deepen our economic ties.We also welcome the chancellor's partnership in promoting major reforms to international organizations, like the World Trade Organization which has not treated the United States well, to protect sovereignty and ensure fairness. The close cooperation across multiple fronts, military, intelligence, economic, academic, is critical to the defense of our civilization as we know it. And the close friendship between the German and American people enriches the lives of millions and millions of our citizens.Chancellor, thank you again for visiting the White House. It's an honor to have you. Our alliance is strong and thriving. And together, we will overcome shared obstacles, seize upon shared opportunities, and build an incredible for our country and our people. Thank you very much. Thank you. Chancellor, thank you very much.Thank you very much, Angela. We'll take some questions. Blake Berman, yes? Blake?I don't want to comment on that.But we have a very good working relationship. We're setting up a meeting, things have changed very radically from a few months ago. You know the name calling and a lot of other things. We -- we get a kick every once in a while out of the fact that I'll be watching people that failed so badly over the last 25 years explaining to me how to make a deal with North Korea.I get a big, big kick out of that. But we are doing very well. I think that something very dramatic could happen. They're treating us with great respect, and you know what's going on with South Korea, and I think President Moon of South Korea was very generous in saying that we helped make the Olympics a great success because of the fact that, as you know, there was a tremendous animosity. There was a tremendous problem going on, and all of a sudden, people started buying tickets because -- whole different feeling when North said, We'd love to go to the Olympics.So a lot of good things are happening with respect to North Korea. President Obama told me when I had the one meeting with him, he said, That's your biggest problem. That's going to be the most difficult thing you have. And honestly, I wish it was handled earlier. I wish it were handled by another administration years ago. I'm not just talking about President Obama. I go back to any administration you want. But over the last 25 years, this should have been handled a long time ago, not now. This should not have been left for me to handle.But we will handle it. We're handling it well, and hopefully there'll be peace for North Korea, South Korea, Germany -- I mean, everything is included -- Japan. The chancellor's been very helpful in the maximum pressure campaign, as I said -- really very helpful. So have many other nations. President Xi of China has been really good at the border. Everyone's surprised at how tight he clamped down. Everyone said that he'd just talk about it, he wouldn't do it. Well, he did it, and he did it out of a relationship that we have, and also, out of the fact that we're negotiating trade deals, and I think that's also very important to him. Hopefully, we'll come up with something that's good for both countries.So I think some very good things can happen with respect to North Korea. We're setting up meetings now. We're down to two countries, as to a site, and we'll let you know what that site is. Do you have a question for the chancellor?I think I have a responsibility. I think other presidents should have done it. I think the responsibility has fallen on the shoulders of the president of the United States, and I think we have -- I think I have a responsibility to see if I can do it. And if I can't do it, it'll be a very tough time for a lot of countries, and a lot of people. It's certainly something that I hope I can do for the world.This is beyond the United States. This is a world problem, and it's something that I hope I'm able to do for the world. OK? Please.Good question.I don't talk about whether or not I'd use military force. That's not appropriate to be talking about. But, I can tell you this, they will not be doing nuclear weapons; that, I can tell you. OK? They're not going to be doing nuclear weapons, you can bank on it. OK. Please.[Inaudible], please? CBN.Ronny Jackson, Admiral, doctor, is one of the finest men that I've met over the last long period of time, high-quality. High-quality family, I just met them and I explained what happened. I explained that Washington can be a very mean place. You don't know about that, Chancellor. [Laughter]A nasty place. The false accusations that were made about him by Senator Tester --from a great state, I don't think that state is going to put up with it. These were false accusations about a great man; about a man who has a son who's a top student at Annapolis; about a man that's given his life to this country, and to the military -- a brave man. He would have been a great leader. To say the kind of things that he said...He had President Obama giving him an A+ report. You had President Bush giving him an A+ report. You have President Trump giving him an A+ report. And to make statements of things that most people said never happened, never even happened, calling him names was, to me, a disgrace, an absolute disgrace. And I think it's something we learn from.I called him today. I said, In a certain way, you're an -- in a very big way, you're an American hero, because you've exposed the system for some horrible things. I've had it happened to me, with the Russian collusion hoax. It's a hoax.But I came into the job understanding that things happen. He didn't. He's a great doctor. He's a great admiral. He didn't really think a thing like this could happen. And I think it's a disgrace, so...I just want to comment on that, and actually, I'm glad you asked the question. I think this man has been treated -- He's an American hero, and I think he's been treated very unfairly, OK?I have many people that want the position, if you can believe it. With all of this being said, we have some excellent people, some very political people; some people that a thing like that wouldn't happen, or if it did happen, I guess they'll handle it somewhat differently.But we have many people that want that job. We're very proud of the job we've done for the veterans. The veterans have been -- We've gotten accountability approved, which is something that for years -- for years, they've been trying to get, as you know. They couldn't get it approved. We got accountability, so that when somebody treats our veterans badly, we can fire them so fast -- almost as fast as they fire people in Germany. We'll get rid of them.And I will tell you, we're getting choice. We're putting choice in very, very strongly. We have tremendous support in the Senate for that. But I do, I have a lot of people that want the job. We're getting -- We're doing a great job over there in -- for the vets, and you know, that was one of the things that, to me, was the most important. We had tremendous support from the vets. We're getting great reports.But getting a thing such as accountability done. We'll be, soon, getting choice done, meaning if a veteran stands on line and can't get to a doctor for various reasons, they're going to a private doctor, and this country is going to pay. They're not going to wait nine weeks on line for a cure to something that could have been very easy to cure, and then they end up dying from it.So we're going to -- we're -- I'm very proud of what we've done, and I will tell you, your new head of the V.A. is going to be very exceptional. We have some exceptional people that want to do the job, OK?So they came to me -- This is a little bit about government. Somebody said, Could I tell this story? And they came to me with a proposal for a $1 billion embassy in Jerusalem, and the papers -- Mike Pence can tell you -- the papers were put before me to sign an application for more than $1 billion to build an embassy. I said, What are you talking about, $1 billion? You know, most embassies are like a single story. And they said, Yes, sir. It's $1 billion. And I had my name half-signed, then I noticed the figure, and I just didn't -- I never got to the word Trump. I had Donald signed, but I never got to the word Trump.And I called my ambassador, who's a great lawyer. Most people in business know David Friedman. He's the ambassador to Israel, and loves Israel. Loves our country, loves Israel, too. And I said, What's this $1 billion? He said, I can build it for $150,000. I said, What? He said, I can build it for $150,000, the embassy. We have a building. We have the site. We already own the site. We own the building. I can take a corner of the building, and for $150,000, we can fix it up, make it beautiful, open our embassy. Instead of in 10 years from now, we can open it up in three months. And that's what we did.But I said, David, let's not go from $1 billion to $150,000. Let's go to $3-, $400,000. And that's what we did. We -- we're take a piece of the building. It's going to be beautiful, and it'll be somewhat temporary, but it could be for many years, because by the time they build it the other way, it's going to be many, many years. They were looking for sites. We already have a site, and we have a great site. The site's better than anything you could imagine.But that's the way government works. They were going to spend $1 billion, and we're going to spend much less than a half a million. Could have done it for much less than that, but I said, Let's make it really nice. So that's what it is.I may go -- very proud of it. Jerusalem has been a subject that's been promised for many years, as you know, the embassy in Jerusalem. It's been promised for many, many years by presidents. They all made campaign promises, and they never had the courage to carry it out. I carried it out.So I may go. It's getting ready to open, and I do want to tell that story though, because there are a couple of people that got to see it, including Mike, but others, where literally, they were going to spend a billion dollars, and we're spending a tiny, tiny fraction of that, in the hundreds of thousands of dollars instead. And it will be very nice. Maybe it'll be nicer than a billion-dollar building, OK? For the chancellor, please?Thank you, Chancellor. We need a reciprocal relationship, which we don't have. The United States right now has a trade deficit with the European Union of $151 billion. And the chancellor and I have discussed it today at length and we're working on it. And we want to make it more fair and the chancellor wants to make it more fair.Same thing with NATO, we have a far greater burden than we should have. Other countries should be paying more. And I'm not saying Germany alone; other countries should be paying more. We're protecting Europe and, yet, we pay, by far, more than anybody else. And NATO is wonderful but it helps Europe more than it helps us. And why are we paying the vast majority of the costs.So we're working on those things, it's been unfair. And I don't blame the chancellor and I don't Germany, I don't even blame the European Union; I blame the people that preceded me for allowing this to happen.There's no way we should have a trade deficit of $151 billion. So we're going to make it reciprocal. We're going to make it a much more fair situation and I think, in the end, ever body's going to be very happy.I think both countries -- I view this as many countries, but looking at it as one block -- will -- will really benefit. There's tremendous, tremendous potential between the European Union and the United States and I think that's going to happen.There's also tremendous benefit to NATO when people pay what they have to be paying. Some counties actually pay more than they're supposed to. They think the United States is -- I've been told by numerous country -- Poland being one.Poland is great. I mean, they pay actually a little bit more than they're supposed to be paying or have to pay because they feel the United States is more than carrying the load. And, perhaps, they feel it's not fair. But it's something we very much appreciate.But I believe that -- you know, when I look at the numbers in Germany -- and some other countries, they may not like Donald Trump but you have to understand, that means I'm doing a good job because I'm representing the United States.Angela is representing Germany; she's doing a fantastic job. My predecessors did not do a very good job. But we'll try and catch you, OK? We'll try. We're going to -- we're going to have a reciprocal relationship and it's going to be something that benefits all of us, OK?Thank you very much everybody. Thank you. Thank you. Angela, thank you very much.Thank you very much. Thank you. Melania and I are truly honored to welcome French President Macron and Mrs. Macron to the White House. Thank you very much. It's a great honor.We're thrilled that the first official state visit of my presidency is not only with a great friend, but with a leader of America's oldest ally, the Republic of France. Today, in our nation's capital, the Stars and Stripes proudly fly alongside the Tricolor flag, a symbol of the world, and to the world, of unity, fraternity, and friendship that forever links our nations together.Forty years after the end of our War of Independence, the great General Lafayette traveled to George Washington's home at Mount Vernon to visit the grave of the father of our country. President Macron, we're deeply moved that nearly two centuries later, the President of the Republic of France made that same tribute last night. That was a beautiful evening. Thank you.Thank you very much. This past summer, Melania and I had an incredible visit with you and Brigitte in Paris to celebrate Bastille Day. We were awed by the beauty of your country and the grateful hospitality of your incredible people. They are incredible people.Together, we commemorated the 100th anniversary of America's entry into the First World War. We remembered the French and American patriots who shed their blood together in defense of civilization. Their noble sacrifice will echo through time forever, an immortal tribute to our people and to our freedom.During the horror of the First World War, more than one million people were killed or injured from chemical warfare. In the aftermath of that horror, civilized nations came together to ban chemical weapons.Two weeks ago, following Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad's barbaric use of chemical weapons against his own people, the United States, France, and the United Kingdom joined together to strike at the heart of the Syrian chemical weapons program. These actions were designed to establish a strong deterrent against the use of these heinous weapons.President Macron, I thank you for your leadership in this effort. And it was a well-executed effort at that. And I thank you and the members of the French military for their courage and their great skill.The United States and France are also cooperating to prevent the proliferation of nuclear weapons. We are grateful for France's key partnership in our campaign of maximum pressure on the North Korean regime.As you know, I will soon be meeting with Kim Jong-un as we seek a future of peace, harmony and security for the whole Korean Peninsula and, in fact, for the whole world. However, in pursuit of peace, we will not repeat the mistakes of past administrations. The campaign of maximum pressure will continue.France and the United States also agree that Iran cannot be allowed to develop a nuclear weapon, and that regime must end its support for terrorism all over. No matter where you go in the Middle East, you see the fingerprints of Iran behind problems.I also want to thank President Macron for France's vital contribution to our very successful campaign against ISIS. As we drive these ISIS killers from Syria, it is essential that the responsible nations of the Middle East step up their own contributions to prevent Iran from profiting off the success of our anti-ISIS effort. Very rich countries are in the Middle East. They have to make major contributions. They have not been doing it as they should. A major topic that we discussed a little while ago: They have to step up tremendously -- not a little bit, but tremendously -- their financial effort.Mr. President, on behalf of the American people, I again express our solidarity in the wake of the terrorist attack in Southern France last month. I share the confidence you conveyed at the memorial service for the heroic Colonel Beltrame that, in time, we will achieve the ultimate triumph of right and of justice.In the fight against terrorism, we both know that we must be strong from within to defend ourselves from threats outside. We will do what we must to protect our countries. You are our oldest ally and you are truly one of our great allies, and we appreciate it. We will always be there for you.Both the United States and France are dealing with a challenge that has gone on for a long, long time. It's uncontrolled migration. In the United States, we are taking strong action to regain control over our borders and over our sovereignty. It's gone on for too long. And we've slowed it down very substantially, but we're going to stop illegal immigration. I know that you face similar challenges in France. And, Mr. President, I admire the leadership you have shown in addressing them in a very honest and direct fashion, and not always popular.Both of our elections owe much of the success to the desire of everyday citizens to be heard, to be listened to, and to have control over their own nations and their own futures. Let us demonstrate through our partnership that the voice of the people will always reign. At all times, it will reign.During our meetings today, we also discussed the robust economic relationship between our countries. The United States is setting records in business, and we will continue. And I know that France will be setting records under your leadership very soon. We look forward to exploring increased opportunities for bilateral trade and investment based on the principle of fairness and, importantly, reciprocity.Mr. President, thank you again for accepting our invitation to the White House. It's been such an honor. The foundation of our friendship draws from the deepest wells of civilization and is sustained by our people's love of their history, culture, and liberty.For two centuries, the alliance between France and the United States has been the cornerstone of freedom. Now, the strength of this mighty alliance is in our hands. Linked together by fate and destiny, I am confident that our future has never, ever looked brighter. Thank you, Mr. President. Thank you very much.Please.I like him a lot. [Laughter] First of all, I want to thank -- I want to thank our Vice President and Karen for being here. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.Now, we had a wonderful conference today, and I think especially the one-on-one in the Oval office -- we covered a lot of territory having to do with trade, having to do with Iran, and various other subjects. So I think a lot of good things are going to come out of our meeting, and I appreciate you being here. I will take a couple of questions. How about Jeff Mason from Reuters? Jeff. Hi, Jeff.Well, we will start with your second part of the question. And I hope that we will be able to deal in a very open and honorable fashion with North Korea. I started a process, and when I did, everybody thought I was doing it absolutely wrong. But in the meantime, for 25 years, people have been dealing and nothing happened. And a lot is happening right now.I can tell you that, Jeff. A lot is happening. And I think it's going to be very positive. And I hope it's going to be very positive for North Korea and for South Korea, and Japan, and the rest of the world.But I am starting at a level that, frankly, I shouldn't have had to start. This should have been worked out a long time ago. This should have been worked out many years ago. We were discussing that we shouldn't be having this situation happen to the United States and the world. This should have been resolved by other Presidents and by other leaders of other countries a long time ago.With that being said, I think we're doing very well. Meetings are being set up. And I want to see denuclearization of North Korea. A lot of concessions have already been made. We have made no concessions, despite some of the media saying that I've made concessions. I don't -- I haven't even discussed a concession other than the fact that meeting is a great thing. And I'm sure that a lot of other people would have liked to have had the position we're having.I will say this: We put the strongest sanctions on a country that we ever have put on any country, by far. China, President Xi, has been very strong in helping us to solve this problem -- in his case, at the border. He's allowing very little to get through.I think he's doing that for a number of reasons. We have a very good relationship, and also it's very important in terms of trade, because I do play the trade card. If you look at what's happening with trade in China, it hasn't been fair for many, many years to the United States, and we're going to solve that problem. In fact, we're having Secretary Mnuchin and a couple of other folks heading over to -- Bob Lighthizer -- heading over to China, at the request of China. They came here, as you know, last week. And we're having very substantive discussions on trade.But I think it all plays to the border and the fact that they have been extremely strong on the border and very little has gotten through, much to the surprise of a lot of people. And I believe the trade will work out, but I also think that China has never treated us with more respect than they have over the last short period of time that I'm President. I have a very excellent, as you know, relationship with President Xi. And I think that relationship is very important as to what's happening with North Korea.So the end result is, we'll see. Maybe good things will happen and maybe we're all wasting a lot of time. But hopefully it will be good for everybody concerned.As far as Syria is concerned, I would love to get out. I'd love to bring our incredible warriors back home. They've done a great job. We've essentially just absolutely obliterated ISIS in Iraq and in Syria. And we've done a big favor to neighboring countries, frankly, but we've also done a favor for our country.With that being said, Emmanuel and myself have discussed the fact that we don't want to give Iran open season to the Mediterranean, especially since we really control it. To a large extent, we really have controlled it and we've set control on it. So we'll see what happens.But we're going to be coming home relatively soon. We finished, at least, almost our work with respect to ISIS in Syria, ISIS in Iraq, and we have done a job that nobody has been able to do.But with that being said, I do want to come home. But I want to come home also with having accomplished what we have to accomplish. So we are discussing Syria as part of an overall deal. When they made the Iran deal, what they should have done is included Syria. When I say should have -- before giving them, Iran, $150 billion and $1.8 billion in cash -- $1.8 million in cash. You think about this.Before giving this kind of tremendous money, okay -- $150 billion and $1.8 billion in cash -- in barrels, I hear, it was taken out, and in boxes it was taken out -- cash -- they should have made a deal that covered Yemen, that covered Syria, that covered other parts of the Middle East where Iraq is -- where Iran is involved. They didn't do that.So we want to come home. We'll be coming home. But we want to have a very, very strong -- we want to leave a strong and lasting footprint, and that was a very big part of our discussion. Okay? Thank you.It means they get rid of their nukes. Very simple. They get rid of their nukes, and nobody else would say it. It would be very easy for me to make a simple deal and claim victory. I don't want to do that. I want them to get rid of their nukes.And I think we will have a great shot at doing a much bigger maybe deal, maybe not deal. We're going to find out, but we'll know fairly soon. Mr. President?And if I might add, the states and, as I alluded to -- and countries that are in the area, some of which are immensely wealthy, would not be there except for the United States and, to a lesser extent, France. But they wouldn't be there except for the United States. They wouldn't last a week. We're protecting them. They have to now step up and pay for what's happening, because I don't think France or the United States should be liable for the tremendous cost.The United States is embarrassingly into the Middle East. As of a few months ago, as you've heard me say before -- and I don't take responsibility, but I would be very embarrassed if I had to -- $7 trillion. And when we want to build, Mr. President, our infrastructure, everybody says, Oh, we want to be careful with our money. When we want to fix a highway or we want to build schools and lots of other things -- tunnels, bridges -- they say, Oh, let's be careful with our money. And yet, we have spent $7 trillion in the Middle East, and we've gotten nothing for it. Nothing. Less than nothing, as far as I'm concerned. That's over an 18-year period.The countries that are there that you all know very well are immensely wealthy; they're going to have to pay for this. And I think the President and I agree very much on that. And they will pay for it. They will pay for it. We've spoken to them. They will pay for it. The United States will not continue to pay. And they will also put soldiers on the ground, which they're not doing. And we will, in fact, bring lots of people home. We will have a strong blockage to the Mediterranean, which to me is very important -- because if we don't, you have Iran going right to the Mediterranean. Not going to have that.But there is a chance -- and nobody knows what I'm going to do on the 12th, although, Mr. President, you have a pretty good idea -- but we'll see. But we'll see also, if I do what some people expect, whether or not it will be possible to do a new deal with solid foundations. Because this a deal with decayed foundations. It's a bad deal. It's a bad structure. It's falling down. Should have never, ever been made.I blame Congress. I blame a lot of people for it. But it should have never been made, and we're going to see what happens on the 12th. But I will say, if Iran threatens us in any way, they will pay a price like few countries have ever paid. Okay? Yes, John. Please. John Roberts of Fox.Well, I haven't heard of the particular allegations, but I will tell you he's one of the finest people that I have met, and I think speaking for Melania, also. He's been the doctor for President Obama, I believe for President Bush, for me. I've gotten to know him pretty well. He's a great doctor.And it was a suggestion. Now, I know there's an experience problem because of lack of experience. But there's an experience problem -- the Veterans Administration is very important to me. We've done a great job with it, as you know, with the Accountability Act and many other things. Now we're working on choice. It's going to happen. We're going to take great care of our veterans. That's a very, very important thing, and we've done a great job.But I told Admiral Jackson just a little while ago, I said, What do you need this for? This is a vicious group of people that malign -- and they do. And I've lived through it; we all lived through it. You people are getting record ratings because of it, so congratulations. But I said, What do you need it for? He's an admiral. He's a great leader. And they questioned him about every little thing.As you know, with the success of what will hopefully soon be Secretary of State Pompeo, everybody was very surprised. I heard 10 minutes before the vote yesterday on committee that, He will not be approved at committee -- which would be the first time in many, many decades that something like that would have happened with regard to a Secretary of State -- except I spoke to Rand Paul, and Rand Paul has really never let me down.Rand Paul is a good man. And I knew things that nobody else knew. And Rand Paul said, I'm going to change my vote, and he voted, and everybody was surprised. And he actually got an 11-9 vote, because as you know, Johnny Isakson's vote counts if it isn't the deciding vote. So it was actually a 11-9 with, I believe, an -- there was one vote -- what would you call that, John?Not present.Oh, it's called present. Okay. So it was 11-9 and that was a terrific thing. But they failed to stop him. So now they say, Who's next? Who's next? And this person, Admiral Jackson -- Dr. Jackson -- is a wonderful man. I said to him, What do you need it for? And as far as experience is concerned, the Veterans Administration -- which is approximately 13 million people -- is so big, you could run the biggest hospital system in the world and it's small time compared to the Veterans Administration. So nobody has the experience.What he is is a leader and a good man. But I told him -- I said, You know what, Doc? You're too fine a person. His son is a top student at Annapolis. He's a high-quality person. I said, What do you need it for? So he'll be making -- it's totally his decision -- but he'll be making a decision.But they failed with Mike Pompeo, and that was a big, big hit because they thought they could stop him and embarrass. The Democrats have become obstructionists. That's all they're good at. They're not good at anything else. They have bad ideas. They have bad politics. The one thing they do is obstruct. And that's why I'm waiting for -- you would never believe this -- I'm waiting for very good people like the Ambassador to Germany. Hasn't been approved yet. It's been in there for 11 or 12 months.We have Angela Merkel coming to the United States on Friday. We still don't have our ambassador approved. And at this rate -- and many of the papers checked it out yesterday, and they actually said I was right -- but it would be nine years before these people are approved. We have hundreds of people in waiting to be approved, and the Democrats are taking 30 hours per person. They're taking the maximum time. They are obstructions. That's very bad for our country.I said to Dr. Jackson, What do you need it for? So we'll see what happens. I don't want to put a man through who's not a political person. I don't want to put a man through a process like this. It's too ugly and too disgusting. So we'll see what happens. He'll make a decision.Oh, I would definitely stand behind him. He's a fine man. I'll always stand behind him. I'd let it be his choice. But he is a man who has just been an extraordinary person. His family, extraordinary success. Great doctor. Great everything. And he has to listen to the abuse that he has to -- I wouldn't if I were him. Actually, in many ways, I'd love to be him.But the fact is, I wouldn't do it. I wouldn't do it. What does he need it for? To be abused by a bunch of politicians that aren't thinking nicely about our country? I really don't think, personally, he should do it. But it's totally his -- I would stand behind him -- totally his decision.We've pretty much finished with ISIS, and we're going to be making some big decisions in a very short period of time. But we're working very closely together with France and with the President. Okay? Thank you very much.Well, I think that we have very much in common, I must say. I think many things that we -- certainly, most things we agreed with, we can change and we can be flexible. You know, in life you have to be flexible. And as leaders of countries, you have to show flexibility. And I think we actually get along on many of the subjects we discussed today.And I will say, France is a great country. And I believe France will be taken to new heights under this President. He's going to be an outstanding President. One of your great Presidents. And it's an honor to call you my friend. Thank you. [Applause]Thank you very much. I want to begin today by expressing my deep condolences to the entire Bush family on the passing of former First Lady Barbara Bush, a wonderful, wonderful person. For decades, Barbara was a titan in American life. Her presence and character were engraved into America's identity.Her strength and toughness really embodied the spirit of our country. And her warmth and devotion earned the admiration of an entire nation and, indeed, the entire world. She was a tireless champion for literacy. She was a fierce advocate for the American family. And she was a woman of proud patriotism and profound faith. Our hearts are saddened by her passing, but our spirits are lifted by the memories of her goodness and her grace. She was a good person.Melania and I send our prayers to Barbara's husband of 73 years -- I'll never beat that record -- President George H.W. Bush; to the surviving children -- Jeb, and Neil, and Marvin, Dorothy, and former President George W. Bush; and to their many wonderful grandchildren and great-grandchildren.This evening, I also want to send a message to all of the brave service members from the United States, France, and the United Kingdom who were involved in the very successful strikes on targets associated with the Syrian chemical weapons program last week.Once again, the unmatched skill of the United States military, and our great partners and allies, was demonstrated to the entire world. Missiles were shot. They tried to knock them down; they weren't in the least successful. They hit none.The purpose of our strike was to establish a strong deterrent against the use of banned chemical weapons. Civilized nations must join together to prevent the horrors of chemical warfare and, in fact, warfare. And I think our allies really were absolutely world-class, wonderful. We thank them for their support.Today, I'm thrilled to be joined by my good friend, Prime Minister Abe of Japan. Highly respected gentleman. Prime Minister, Melania and I are honored to host you and Mrs. Abe once again at Mar-a-Lago. We're grateful for the tremendous hospitality you showed us during our visit to your country last fall. It was a true privilege to be welcomed to the magnificent land of Japan, or as I've heard all my life, the Land of the Rising Sun. It's true. So great.During our visit to Asia in November, we had tremendous success enlisting support for our campaign of maximum pressure on the North Korean regime. As you know, I will be meeting with Kim Jong-un in the coming weeks to discuss the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula. Hopefully, that meeting will be a great success. And we're looking forward to it. It would be a tremendous thing for North Korea and a tremendous thing for the world. So we will be doing everything possible to make it a worldwide success, not just for the United States or South Korea or North Korea or Japan, but for the entire world.We hope to see the day when the whole Korean Peninsula can live together in safety, prosperity, and peace. This is the destiny of the Korean people who deserve and have gone through so much over the years. We hope it all works out, and we'll be trying very hard.I want to thank the Prime Minister for his insight and support over the past year as we have pursued the dream of a peaceful, nuclear-free Korea. Shinzo, you have worked very hard, along with us and all of our people, and we thank you very much. And we're with you. And you're a lot closer than we are, but we're working on this together.Thank you very much. Your support has been critical to getting us to this important moment in time. It's a historic moment, and possibly beyond that, if it works out properly. Our discussions today reaffirmed the close cooperation between the United States and Japan on the issue of North Korea and our common defense.We will not repeat the mistakes of previous administrations. Our campaign of maximum pressure will continue until North Korea denuclearizes. We have great respect for many aspects of what they're doing, but we have to get it together. We have to end nuclear weapons, ideally in all parts of the world. That would be a goal for all of us, to hope for and to cherish.As I've said before, there is a bright path available to North Korea when it achieves denuclearization in a complete and verifiable, and irreversible way. It will be a great day for them. It will be great day for the world.During my visit to Japan last fall, I met with Japanese families who endured the terrible heartbreak of having their loved ones abducted by the North Korean regime. We want to see these families reunited as soon as possible. And I know for a fact that it's one of the truly most important things on Shinzo's mind. We talk about it often. So important to you. And we're going to do everything possible to have them brought back, and bring them back to Japan. I gave you that promise.The United States also supports Japan's efforts to improve its defense capabilities, and we're exploring ways to expedite the sale of American military equipment to Japan through the Foreign Military Sales program.We've stepped up our effort not only with respect to Japan, but other allies, that when they order military equipment from us, we will get it taken care of and they will get their equipment rapidly. It would be, in some cases, years before orders would take place because of bureaucracy with Department of Defense, State Department. We are short-circuiting that.It's now going to be a matter of days. If they're our allies, we are going to help them get this very important, great military equipment. And nobody -- nobody -- makes it like the United States. It's the best in the world by far.We're also working to improve our economic partnership by reducing our trade imbalance and removing barriers to U.S. exports. The United States is committed to free, fair, and reciprocal -- very important word -- trade. And we're committed to pursuing a bilateral trading relationship that benefits both of our great countries.Prime Minister Abe and I have agreed to intensify our trade and investment consultations. Ambassador Lighthizer, who's with us today, will take the lead for the United States.These past two days have been extremely productive. The friendship between Japan and the United States has never been closer. I truly believe it has never been closer than it is today. And the bonds between our people have never been stronger.In the months ahead, we will rely on this great friendship as we face an array of old challenges and new opportunities, and we will face them together. We will work closely on trade. We will do something having to do with the imbalance that, frankly, should have been done for years and years and years.Mr. Prime Minister, I want to thank you again for traveling to Mar-a-Lago for these important discussions and meetings. It's been a true honor to welcome you here and to work with you toward greater security, prosperity, and peace for our two truly great and wonderful nations. And thank you for being here, Shinzo. Thank you. Thank you very much.Thank you very much, Shinzo. Appreciate it. Questions. Mark Landler? Mark.Thank you, Mark, very much. The fact is that they do have three prisoners. We have been talking about them. We are negotiating now. We are doing our very best. As you know, they've been there a long time and it's harsh treatment. We fought very hard to get Otto Warmbier back. And when we came back, he was in very, very bad condition. It was a very sad event.We are likewise fighting very diligently to get the three American citizens back. I think there's a good chance of doing it. We're having very good dialogue. We will keep you informed. But we are in there and we are working very hard on that.We have come a long way with North Korea. We were, as you know -- and when I say we, for many years, they've been talking to North Korea and nothing has happened. This should have been taken care of by past administrations when they were not nearly so far along. But we put unbelievably powerful sanctions on, and many other things.I want to thank publicly President Xi of China, who has done more for us than he's done for any other administration, or than any leader of China has done for any President or administration. He has clogged up the border, as you know, and he's done it very, very powerfully. He would tell you himself that he never thought he would go to this extent, and I appreciate that very much. But it's put a lot of pressure on.As you know, 93 percent of the goods coming into North Korea come in from China. And President Xi understands that this is a very important set of months that are lying ahead. He doesn't want to see a Korea -- North Korea, or any Korea -- that has nuclear weapons either. So he's also fighting for China when it comes to this. But he has been terrific.Can he be better? I always say yes, he can be better. I said, President, you've been great. Can you be better? Yes. But he's been very good, and it's had a big impact. And what we've done has had a big impact.So we've never been in a position like this with that regime, whether it's father, grandfather, or son. And I hope to have a very successful meeting. If we don't think it's going to be successful, Mark, we won't have it. We won't have it.If I think that it's a meeting that is not going to be fruitful, we're not going to go. If the meeting, when I'm there, is not fruitful, I will respectfully leave the meeting, and we'll continue what we're doing or whatever it is that we'll continue. But something will happen.So I like always remaining flexible, and we'll remain flexible here. I've gotten it to this point. President Moon of South Korea was very generous when he said, if it weren't for Donald Trump, the Olympics would have been a total failure.It was my involvement and the involvement of our great country that made the Olympics a very successful Olympics. If you look at ticket sales prior to what took place with respect to North Korea, it was going to be a big problem, and it turned out to be a very successful Olympics. So we've gotten us here, and I think we're going to be successful. But if for any reason I feel we're not, we end. Okay? Thank you, Mark.I will add that the 232, having to do with aluminum and steel tariffs -- 30 percent, in one case; 25 percent and 10 percent -- that it's got us to the bargaining table with many nations, and, in other cases, they're paying. And it's billions of dollars coming into the coffers of the United States. So they've been, actually, very important.If you look at what we did with solar panels, where we put 30 percent tariffs on, we had 32 companies opened with pretty new plants, because it's a relatively new industry. Of the 32 plants, 30 were closed and 2 were not doing well. Since putting the tariffs on, the two are doing very well, seven or eight are going to be opening, and a lot more will open.Same thing with washing machines. We were, believe it not, having washing machines dumped all over the country. We put tariffs on, and we're now opening up and expanding companies that create and make -- which is actually a very big business -- washing machines and dryers.So the workers of our country know what's happening. We have companies moving up from Mexico -- automobile companies -- and they're building new plants in Michigan and Ohio and Pennsylvania and Kentucky, and expanding their plants. A lot of things are happening. Our country is doing very, very well. And it's going to continue. It's going to continue. A lot of great momentum.If you look at any chart, the enthusiasm for business in our country is at an all-time high. And unemployment -- for African American workers, for Hispanic workers, unemployment is at an all-time low. In history -- in the history of our country, it's at the lowest point. If you look at unemployment for women, it's at an 18-year low. So we're very proud of our achievements.And starting know, as you see, over the last few weeks, the tax cuts are kicking in. And it's a beautiful thing to see. And people are spending money where they didn't have the money to spend previously. So we're very happy with that. Shinzo, please.Well, maybe I'll go first. Abduction is a very important issue for me because it's very important to your Prime Minister. I will tell you that we were having dinner last night, and he started talking about abduction and how horrible it was. And his level of enthusiasm was unbelievable. And I said to him right then and there last night at the table, I said we will work very hard on that issue, and we will try and bring those folks back home. Very, very hard.And we will be very loyal to Japan. Thank you. Jennifer Jacobs.Jennifer, I can say this -- that there was no collusion, and that's been so found, as you know, by the House Intelligence Committee. There's no collusion. There was no collusion with Russia, other than by the Democrats -- or, as I call them, the obstuctionists, because they truly are obstructionists.So we are giving tremendous amounts of paper. This was a -- really a hoax created largely by the Democrats as a way of softening the blow of a loss, which is a loss that, frankly, they shouldn't have had from the standpoint that it's very easy for them. They have a tremendous advantage in the Electoral College. And this is what it is, and this is where it came from.You look at the kind of money that was paid. Probably some went to Russia. You look at Podesta having a company in Russia where nothing happened and people don't talk about it. You look at the fact that their server -- the DNC server -- was never gotten by the FBI. Why didn't the FBI take it? The FBI takes what they want. They go in; they wouldn't get the server.This is a hoax. As far as the investigation, nobody has ever been more transparent than I have instructed our lawyers -- Be totally transparent. I believe we've given them 1.4 million pages of documents, if you can believe this. And haven't used -- that I know of, or for the most part -- presidential powers or privilege.So we are hopefully coming to the end. It is a bad thing for our country -- very, very bad thing for our country. But there has been no collusion. They won't find any collusion. It doesn't exist.As far as the two gentlemen you told me about, they've been saying I'm going to get rid of them for the last three months, four months, five months. And they're still here. So we want to get the investigation over with, done with, put it behind us. And we have to get back to business with negotiating with this gentleman and plenty of others. But this gentleman is a very tough negotiator, and we have to focus on that. Thank you very much.Thank you very much. The United States has a massive trade deficit with Japan. It's anywhere from $69 billion to $100 billion a year. That's massive by any standpoint. We are doing 232 on steel and aluminum. And if we can come to an arrangement on a new deal between the United States and Japan, that would certainly be something we would discuss -- aluminum tariffs and steel tariffs. And I would look forward to being able to, at some point in the future, take them off.But right now we have a deficit that's a minimum of $69 billion a year. Japan sends us millions and millions of cars, and we tax them virtually not at all. And we don't send so much product because we have trade barriers and lots of other things. So these are the things that the Prime Minister and I are going to be discussing over the next short period of time.The media has not covered the TPP correctly. I don't want to go back into TPP, but if they offered us a deal that I can't refuse, on behalf of the United States, I would do it. But I like bilateral. I think it's better for our country. I think it's better for our workers. And I much would prefer a bilateral deal, a deal directly with Japan. We already have a deal with 6 of the 11 nations in the TPP. So we already have trade deals, and the others we can make very easily. They're all calling wanting to make a deal. But we think that's much better for us.So unless they offer us a deal that we cannot refuse, I would not go back into TPP. We'll see what happens. But in the meantime, we're negotiating. And what I really prefer is negotiating a one-on-one deal with Japan. And that's where we are right now, and I will say that the representatives who are sitting right here are extraordinarily competent and very tough -- those representing Japan.And we will hopefully, in the not-too-distant future, have a very good deal -- good for Japan and good for the United States. Okay? Thank you all very much. We appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you very much.Thank you very much, Shinzo.Yeah, we'll do sanctions. As soon as they very much deserve it, we will have -- that is a question. There has been nobody tougher on Russia than President Donald Trump. Between building up the military, between creating tremendous vast amounts of oil.We raised billions and billions of dollars extra in NATO. We had a very, very severe -- we were talking about it a little while -- fight in Syria recently, a month ago, between our troops and Russian troops, and that's very sad. But many people died in that fight. There has been nobody tougher than me.With the media, no matter what I did, it's never tough enough because that's their narrative. But Russia will tell you, there has been nobody tougher than Donald Trump. And then, the other night, we had a strike in Syria, which was absolute precision.I leave it with this, with all of that said: If we can get along with China, and if we can get along with Russia, and if we can get along with Japan and other nations, that's a good thing, not a bad thing. Just remember that. If we got along with other nations, that's good, not bad. Thank you very much everybody.[In Progress] -- very happy. Thought it was really great.I think he's done a fantastic job at EPA. I think he's done an incredible job. He's been very courageous. Hasn't been easy, but I think he's done an absolutely fantastic job.I think he'll be fine.I think he'll be fine. Yeah, I want to look at it. I haven't seen the details, but I can tell you, at EPA he has done a fantastic job.On Scott?Who's saying that? I have to look at it, and close. You know, I hear different versions of it. But I'll make that determination. But he's a good man.He's done a terrific job. But I'll take a look at it very closely.You know, I didn't -- with Ed Henry?Which one? Ed Henry?It's an interesting interview. [Laughs]No, no. No, Scott is doing a great job where he is.Anywhere from 2,000 to 4,000. We're looking at a combination of from 2,000 to 4,000. We're moving that along.We're looking at it, but, I mean, I have a pretty good idea. But it depends on what we do. But we're looking from 2,000 to 4,000. And we'll probably keep them, or a large portion of them, until such time as we get the wall.Did you enjoy the roundtable? A little different, right?Well, Amazon is just not on an even playing field. You know, they have a tremendous lobbying effort, in addition to having The Washington Post, which is, as far as I'm concerned, another lobbyist. But they have a big lobbying effort. One of the biggest, frankly.One of the biggest. And it's -- you know, what they have is a very uneven playing field. You look at the sales tax situation -- which is going to be taken up, I guess, very soon -- it's going to be a decision by the Supreme Court.[Video Begins] So we'll see what happens. The Post Office is not doing well with Amazon, that I can tell you. But we're going to see what happens. The playing field has to be level for everybody. That's very important.Well, I'm going to study it and we're going to take a look. We're going to take a very serious look at that. But I want, as long -- hey, it's very important for me. It's got to be an even playing field for everybody.No. No. What else?Well, you'll have to ask Michael Cohen. Michael is my attorney. And you'll have to ask Michael Cohen.No, I don't know. No.About who?I think that Scott has done a fantastic job. I think he's a fantastic person. I believe -- you know, I just left -- I just left coal and energy country. They love Scott Pruitt.They feel very strongly about Scott Pruitt, and they love Scott Pruitt. Thank you very much everybody. I'll see you back in New York. Thank you.Thank you. Today I'm honored to host the president of Estonia, the president of Latvia and the president of Lithuania at the U.S.-Baltic Centennial Summit. Thank you all for traveling to the White House for these really important discussions. We've just spent a long time together and it was very interesting. This summit proudly displays to the world America's deep and lasting friendship with the Baltic nations.On behalf of the American people, thank you very much. And we are going to have another 100-year very long and beautiful relationship. This is your 100th year of independence. Congratulations.For a century, the United States has stood with the people of the Baltics in support of their independence, sovereignty and self-determination. Through the decades of brutal Soviet occupation, the United States never ceased to recognize the sovereignty of the Baltic republics.In our discussions today, I was proud to reaffirm America's commitment to the Welles Declaration of 1940 and the U.S.-Baltic Charter of 1998. These same principles lie at the heart of America's approach to world affairs, honoring the right of peaceful citizens and nations to protect their interest and chart their own wonderful destinies.All three Baltic republics are committed NATO allies. I want to express our gratitude to each of your countries for fulfilling your full obligations and meeting the 2 percent GDP benchmark for national defense this year.Your commitment to burden-sharing is an example really that other NATO nations and partners all around the world will have to all get together and bear. Some of them do not make the same commitment. Hopefully, they soon will.When nations are committed to peace and to security, they have to pay their share. And we will all enjoy a much more safe and prosperous future.Baltic countries are also providing security assistance and training as part of the coalition to defeat ISIS. The coalition has liberated almost 100 percent of the territory once held by ISIS in Syria and in Iraq. And we will not rest until ISIS is gone.In economic matters, our cooperation continues to develop and grow, as you well know. We're excited about several new opportunities for collaboration, especially in science, medicine and technology.Immediately following this summit, the Department of Commerce and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce will host a U.S.-Baltic business summit to expand the mutual trade and investment between our nations. And they're all looking forward to seeing you.The Baltic countries remain a key market for U.S. aircraft, automobiles, machinery and medical equipment, and we welcome increased bilateral trade with all three nations, based on the principle of fairness and reciprocity.Finally, we are enhancing our cooperation on energy security. We're all collaborating to diversity energy sources, supplies and routes throughout the Baltic region, including expanding exports of U.S. liquefied natural gas, of which you've become a bigger and bigger user. These are just some of the many wonderful opportunities we can seize together.To all three Baltic leaders with us today, thank you again for helping to celebrate -- and this is really a very great celebration, because it's a historic milestone. Our friendship will continue to grow closer, and our cooperation will continue to bring about the greater security and prosperity for our citizens. And you have done terrific jobs as leaders, as presidents of your countries.And we tell you that, for your citizens, we are there for you. As we begin the next 100 years of our partnership, the Baltic republics can trust the United States will remain a strong, proud and loyal friend and ally. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Please.Yes. Whatever you like.Ladies first. [Laughter]Thank you. Thank you very much. Please.Thank you very much. Thank you.Thank you very much. Very much. And we'll take a few questions. We're going to also have questions specifically for the Baltics. Steve, Reuters?Yeah. The -- first of all the border, the Mexican border is very unprotected by our laws. We have horrible, horrible and very unsafe laws in the United States, and we're going to be able to do something about that hopefully soon. Hopefully Congress will get their act together and get in and create some very powerful laws, like Mexico has, and like Canada has, and like almost all countries have.We don't have laws. We have catch and release. You catch and then you immediately release, and people come back years later for a court case, except they virtually never come back.So we are preparing for the military to secure our border between Mexico and the United States. We have a meeting on it in a little while with General Mattis and everybody. And I think that it's something we have to do.Now, the caravan, which is over a thousand people coming in from Honduras, thought they were just going to walk right through Mexico and right through the border.As you know, NAFTA is a phenomenal deal for Mexico. It's been a horrible deal for the United States. We're renegotiating it now. But it has been a horrible, horrible, embarrassing deal for the United States. This should have been terminated or renegotiated many years ago.Mexico -- we have a trade deficit with Mexico of over $100 billion a year. And I told Mexico yesterday that, because of the fact that their laws are so strong, they can do things about it that -- hard to believe -- the United States can't.I said, I hope you're going to tell that caravan not to get up to the border. And I think they're doing that, because, as of 12 minutes ago, it was all being broken up. We'll see what happens. But we have to have strong borders. We need the wall.We've started building the wall. As you know, we have $1.6 billion toward building the wall and fixing existing wall that's falling down and was never appropriated in the first place. And that's very important.As far as Syria is concerned, our primary mission in terms of that was getting rid of ISIS. We've almost completed that task, and we'll be making a decision very quickly, in coordination with others in the area, as to what we'll do. Saudi Arabia is very interested in our decision, and I said, Well, you know, you want us to stay, maybe you're going to have to pay.But a lot of people -- you know, we do a lot of things in this country. We do them for -- we -- we do them for a lot of reasons. But it's very costly for our country, and it helps other countries a hell of a lot more than it helps us.So we're going to be making a decision. We've had a tremendous military success against ISIS, as you know. It's close to 100 percent, as I just said. And we'll be making a decision as to what we do in the very near future. We'll be consulting also with groups of our people and groups of our allies, OK?Say it?I want to get out. I want to bring our troops back home. I want to start rebuilding our nation. We will have, as of three months ago, $7 trillion in the Middle East over the last 17 years. We get nothing -- nothing out of it, nothing.And, as you remember, in civilian life, for years, I said, Keep the oil. I was always saying, Keep the oil. We didn't keep the oil. Who got the oil? Was -- ISIS got the oil, a lot of it. That's what funded their campaigns. They took a lot of the oil, and it was largely responsible for funding.We should have kept the oil then. We didn't keep the oil. So I want to get back -- I want to rebuild our nation. Think of it: $7 trillion over a 17-year period. We have nothing, nothing except death and destruction. It's a horrible thing.So it's time. It's time. We were very successful against ISIS. We'll be successful against anybody militarily. But sometimes it's time to come back home, and we're thinking about that very seriously, OK? Thank you.Well, we have a very strong relationship, as the presidents will tell you, with the Baltic states. And we are with them. We're friends and we're allies. And we are going to have a long-term, very fine relationship.In addition, we do business on trade. We work very hard on security together. Surprisingly, large numbers of trade -- and these are very industrious nations.Now, you're from there. So you know exactly what I'm talking about. These are tremendous people and very, very industrious. We do a lot of business on trade. Thank you. Thank you very much.OK. Thank you. Would you like to choose somebody, President?I think all three would be great places to invest. The stable governments, incredible people, hardworking, industrious people -- I think they would be great places to invest. I would have no problem with it, although I think, as president of the United States, they would call it a slight conflict of interest, perhaps. [Laughter] You might be hearing from these people. No, I think it would be great place. I think all three would be a great place to invest. OK?Thank you.Well, I think we'll be able to have great dialogue, I hope. And, if we can't, you'll be the first to know about it. Nobody's been tougher on Russia than I have. And you can -- and I know you're nodding yes, because everyone agrees when they think about it -- strong energy, the United States.My opponent was into other forms of energy, like windmills. We're -- we're very strong on energy. We're essentially, now, energy-independent. We're an exporter of energy. That is not a positive for Russia. But it's certainly a positive for the United States.We just passed a $700 billion military budget. Next year, $716 billion, the largest ever passed. We are going to have a military stronger than we've ever had before, by far. Now, that's not exactly a great thing for Russia. But that's the way it is. We're going to have the strongest military that we ever had.NATO -- NATO was delinquent. They were not paying their bills. They were not paying, a lot of states, as we discussed. They were not -- they were not paying what they should be paying.Since I came in, many, many billions of dollars additional have been paid by countries that weren't paying, and now they're paying. And they will have to pay more, frankly. They're going to have to pay more.So there are many things that I've done, and not only the 60 diplomats. Germany did four, France did four, we did 60. There's nobody been tougher on Russia.And with that being said, I think I could have a very good relationship with President Putin. I think. It's possible I won't, then you will know about it. Believe me, this room will know about it before I know about it.It's a real possibility that I could have a good relationship. And remember this: Getting along with Russia is a good thing. Getting along with China is a good thing. Getting along with other countries, including your three countries is a good thing, not a bad thing. So I think I could have a very good relationship with Russia and with President Putin. And if I did, that would be a great thing. And there's also a possibility that that won't happen. Who knows? OK? Thank you. OK.OK.Pick a reporter, please. You could pick a reporter, a Baltic reporter ideally. [Laughter] Real news, not fake news. [Laughter] Go ahead. You want to pick? I think we have enough, do we have enough? Yes? [Crosstalk]Go ahead, pick -- Mr. President, pick a reporter from the Baltics. Not the same man; he was very tough. Go ahead, pick a reporter.Yes, go ahead. Yes, please, go ahead.Just want to conclude by saying that I am very impressed with these three great Baltic nations and these three great presidents. Thank you very much for being here. Thank you, everybody. Thank you.I've worked with Mike Pompeo now for quite some time. Tremendous energy, tremendous intellect. W're always on the same wavelength. The relationship has been very good and that's what I need as Secretary of State. I wish Rex Tillerson well.Gina, by the way, who I know very well, who I've worked very closely -- will be the first woman director of the CIA. She's an outstanding person, who also I have gotten to know very well. So I've gotten to know a lot of people very well over the last year, and I'm really at a point where we're getting very close to having the cabinet and other things that I want.But I think Mike Pompeo will be a truly great Secretary of State. I have total confidence in him. And as far as Rex Tillerson is concerned, I very much appreciate his commitment and his service and I wish him well. He's a good man.Rex and I have been talking about this for a long time. We got along, actually, quite well. But we disagreed on things. When you look at the Iran deal; I think it's terrible, I guess he thought it was OK. I wanted to either break it or do something and he felt a little bit differently.So we were not really thinking the same. With Mike, Mike Pompeo, we have a very similar thought process. I think it's going to go very well. Rex is a very good man. I like Rex a lot. I really appreciate his commitment to service and I'll be speaking to Rex over a long period of time.I can't hear you.No, I really didn't discuss it very much with him, honestly. I made that decision by myself. Rex wasn't, as you know, in this country. I made the North Korea decision with consultation from many people but I made that decision by myself.I actually got along well with Rex but really it was a different mindset. It was a different thinking.What?Say it again.I respect his intellect. I respect the process that we've all gone through together. We have a very good relationship for whatever reason, chemistry, whatever it is –- why do people get along? I've always, right from the beginning, from day one, I've gotten along well with Mike Pompeo, and frankly I get along well with Rex too.I wish Rex a lot of good things. I think he's going to be very happy. I think Rex will be much happier now but I really appreciate his service but with Mike we've had a very good chemistry right from the beginning.Well, it sounds to me –- I'm speaking to Theresa May today –- it sounds to me like it would be Russia, based on all of the evidence they have. I don't know if they've come to a conclusion, but she's calling me today.As you know, now we're going to the wall, we're going out to the wall, we're going to be looking at the prototypes, which is very important for our country.But Theresa May is going to be speaking to me today. It sounds to me like they believe it was Russia and I would certainly take that finding as fact.Yeah, as soon as we get the facts straight, and we're going to be speaking with the British today. We're speaking with Theresa May today and, as soon as we get the facts straight, if we agree with them, we will condemn Russia or whoever it may be. But I have not spoken to her. I'll speak to her some time today.We're very happy with the decision by the House Intelligence Committee, saying there's absolutely no collusion with respect to Russia. And it was a very powerful decision, a very strong decision, backed up –- I understand they're going to be releasing hundreds of pages of proof and evidence – but we are very, very happy with that decision. It was a powerful decision that left no doubt, so I want to thank the House intelligence committee and all of the people that voted.I'm looking at Larry Kudlow very strongly. I've known him a long time. We don't agree on everything but in this case I think that's good. I want to have a divergent opinion. We agree on most. He now has come around to believing in tariffs as also a negotiating point.I'm renegotiating trade deals and without tariffs we wouldn't do nearly as well. But Larry has been a friend of mine for a long time. He backed me very early in the campaign -- I think the earliest -- I think he was one of my original backers. He's a very, very talented man, a good man, and I think Larry Kudlow has a good chance. I'm also speaking to many others but I think Larry has a very good chance.""Thank you very much. Thank you. I'm honored to be joined by Prime Minister Löfven of Sweden at our first meeting in the White House.Sweden is one of our oldest and closest partnersMy daughterThat was somethingThe Prime Minister and I have just concluded a series of very productive meetings. The relationship between the United States and Sweden is one based on shared valuesWe look forward to exploring further opportunities to increase our security and our cooperation in every other way. And we encourage nations around the world to share responsibility for our common defense. We appreciate Sweden's leadership on the United Nations Security CouncilThe United States is also grateful to Sweden for advocating for Americans detained in North Korea. I particularly want to thank the Swedish government for its assistance in securing the release of American college student Otto Warmbier last year. TerribleAnd we remain determined to achieve a denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula. And there's been a lot of news on that today. HopefullyIn economic mattersEarlier this afternoonWe're also continuing to pursue bilateral agreements to advance mutual prosperity. I'm pleased that Sweden intends to procure the Patriot air and missile defense system -- finest in the world -- in a deal worth over $3 billion. This system will increase stability and security in the Baltic Sea region.A strong and balanced economic relationship strengthens security and prosperity in both of our countries. And this is just the beginning. We have a lot of things that we're working on. And we're working on themMr. Prime MinisterThe longstanding friendship between our peopleThank you very much. John.WellAnd I don't blame the countries. I blame our leadership for allowing it to happen. When I was with President Xi in China -- as an exampleBut it's like that with many countriesI'm here to protect. And one of the reasons I was elected is I'm protecting our workersSo we're doing tariffs on steel. We cannot lose our steel industry. It's a fraction of what it once was. And we can't lose our aluminum industry. Also a fraction of what it once was.And our country is doing well. The massive tax cuts and all of the deregulation has really kicked us into gear. But I have to work on trade deals. We're working on NAFTA right now. And if we're able to make a deal with Canada and Mexico in NAFTABut againWellYou knowThey'll like us better and they will respect us much more. Because even they say -- right nowJust to add maybe a little bit further: If you talk ChinaSo China doesn't send us 2 percent; they send us a muchAnd you know there's a theory that if a country doesn't have steelBut againI think you have a wonderful Prime MinisterBut as far as our relationship with SwedenWe've been working on North Korea. Sweden has somewhat of a relationship with North Korea. We've been working with North Korea. As I saidThey really have been terrific. Really terrific. Saagar EnjetiMe. NoBut the sanctions have been veryNoManyIt's got tremendous energy. It's tough. I like conflict. I like having two people with different points of viewBut the White House has a tremendous energyPlease.WellWe're doing a veryBut the big thing would be the tax cut and the regulations cuts. AlsoSo I think we're going to do very wellSo based on thatBut we're studying it very closely. Various agenciesNoMaybe almost everything?OhNoThank you very much. Thank you. Today, I'm honored to welcome my friend, Prime Minister Turnbull of Australia and Mrs. Turnbull. Thank you very much. It's great honor.We're looking forward to sending our newly nominated ambassador, Admiral Harry Harris, to very shortly. He's an outstanding man. You're going to find that he is a great man.I want to thank the prime minister for offering his condolences on the horrible tragedy in Parkland, Florida. Americans are grateful for the prayers and support of our Australian friends, and friends they are, as our entire nation grieves the senseless loss of 17 precious lives and all the horribly injured.The United States and Australia are currently honoring 100 years of mateship, a term that you used very beautifully, Mr. Prime Minister.A century has passed since brave Americans and Australians first fought together in World War I. Over the last 100 years, our partnership has thrived as a bulwark of freedom, security and democracy. Last spring, the prime minister and I celebrated the remarkable 100-year milestone during an extraordinary evening on the USS Intrepid.And my friend, Greg Norman and Anthony Pratt and some of the others in the room today, they were -- hello, folks. Stand up, Greg. Stand up, Anthony. Where is Anthony? Good. It was a great evening. Thank you.This afternoon, I'm pleased to announce that the United States will named the Littoral Combat Ship 30 the USS Canberra in honor of Australian crews lost fighting alongside the U.S. Navy during World War II. Our secretary of the navy has chosen Australian Minister of Defense Marise Payne to be her sponsor.I know that the USS Canberra will be a worthy successor to both her Australian namesake and her American predecessor, the former Navy Baltimore class heavy cruiser, USS Canberra. As she sails the open sea, the new USS Canberra will symbolize to all who cross her path the enduring friendship between the United States and Australia. There is no closer friendship.Today, strengthened by our common values and history, we're working together to promote our mutual interests. I want to thank the prime minister for serving as a strong voice for peace and stability across the entire Indo-Pacific Region. Australia is one of our closest partners in our campaign of maximum pressure to denuclearize the Korean peninsula.Today, we put the strongest sanctions on Korea that we have ever put on a country. We must continue to stand together to prevent the brutal dictatorship from threatening the world with nuclear devastation. Our nations, likewise, share a commitment to keeping our people safe. Australian troops are currently serving alongside Americans and our partners in Afghanistan and the coalition to defeat ISIS.Today, we're denying terrorists' safe haven, cutting off their funding and discrediting their wicked ideology. ISIS land has been largely recaptured almost 100 percent. I'm very honored to say. And they are on the run.Our strong partnership can also be seen in our flourishing economic relationship. Australia remains the key market for U.S. defense products. We make the greatest products in the world, so you have very good taste in choosing our product. Automobiles and aircraft and our fair and reciprocal trading relationship is a model for other countries as we seek bilateral agreements.News that America is open for business has also reached Australian shores. In May, Australian entrepreneur Anthony Pratt announced a new $2 billion investment in box making factories across the United States. But he only did that if Trump won the election, I think. Is that a correct statement, Anthony? Thank you. Boy, that was a close one. I was worried. [Laughter] These people would have had a field day if you gave the wrong answer. Thank you.No, but Anthony did call and he said if he wins the election, we're going to spend billions of dollars in the United States and I appreciate your giving me a very, very correct comment. Thank you, Anthony. I'll never do that again.This investment will continue to build on an almost 100,000 American jobs that are taking place and already supportive by Australian companies. I'm glad to share that the United States is also, by far, the largest investor in Australia.In the room today are dozens of American and Australian business leaders and great athletes, great athletes and business leader, by the way, Greg, who are working together to identify further opportunities for bilateral investment and cooperation.Mr. Prime Minister, I also want to take the opportunity to congratulate you on your immigration reforms and on Australia's commitment to merit-based immigration. Are my friends from Congress listening to that? Merit based.We want to do merit-based immigration also. And we will. That really protects the interest of Australia and its people. It's the way to go. You've been very successful with it. Here, we're working very hard to do the same. In that sense, we're going to hopefully follow in your footprints.Prime Minister Turnbull, it's been a pleasure to host you today. Great lunch with your representatives. A lot was discussed and lot of deals were made for the purchase of additional military equipment and other things. For a century now, the people of the United States and Australia have inspired the world with their determination, their bravery and their generosity.I know that our close friendship and enduring alliance and our personal friendship will grow even stronger in the century to come. Our relationship with Australia will always be a very powerful and very successful relationship. It's been incredible and it's only getting better. Thank you very much. Thank you. [Applause]Well, thank you very much, Malcolm. That's very beautiful words and we appreciate it. On behalf of the first lady, who is right here and our great vice president, Mike, thank you very much. It's an honor to have you. We'll answer a couple of questions. Is that OK?How about Trey from One America News? Trey, where are you? Go ahead.Yes.How about one? Go ahead, Trey.Well, we're going to do a lot, but we are going to be very strong on background checks. I've spoken with many of our people in Congress, our senators, our congressmen and women. And there's a movement on to get something done.We want to be very powerful on background checks. When we are dealing with the mentally ill, as we were in this last case, he was a very sick person and somebody that should have been nabbed. I guess they had 39 different occasions where they were able to see him or potentially see him. We want to be very powerful, very strong on background checks and especially as it pertains to the mentally ill.We're going to get rid of the bump stocks and we're going to do certain other things. But one of the feelings that I have -- and you probably heard me in a speech this morning -- very, very important that we have offensive capability as well as defensive capability within the schools, because when you have a gun-free zone, you're really inviting people to come in and do whatever you have to do and often times get out.Now, I was the one that brought up the fact that these shootings, on average, last three minutes and it takes anywhere from six to ten minutes for the police to get to the site.And I want to have people in the building and, in many cases you have ex-marines, ex-army, navy, air force, coast guard, you have them in the building and they can have concealed weapons and still be teachers or they could be in the building in a different capacity. But we have to have offensive capability to take these people out rapidly before they can do this kind of damage.But we'll be putting in strong language having to do with the background checks and that will take place very quickly. I spoke with Paul Ryan this morning, with Mitch McConnell. And people are looking to really energize.I know that you had -- this has been going on for a long time, many, many years. And you've had people in my position and they would mention things, but not a lot of things got done, obviously.We take it very seriously. We want to put an end to it. And if -- by the way, the bad guy thinks that somebody is in this room with a weapon that's going to be pointed at him with live bullets, he's not even going into the school. That's the one way you're going to solve it.You're not going to solve it with gun-free spaces because they'll get in there and they're going to be the only one with a gun. So, we need offensive capability and we are going to be doing something about it. We're dealing with Congress right now. Thank you.Well, I think it's going to make it safer. And, you know, the problem that's been happening over the last 20 years is people have talked. You said it, it's all talk, it's no action.And we're going to take action. I think it's going to make it safer. I think the fact that you have some capability within a school, they're not going to go into that school. They're not going to do it.You can look at what's happened with airplanes. We put marshals on planes with guns, where pilots in many cases have guns. Nothing has happened in a long period of time when it used to almost it was getting to the point of being routine.When you have somebody with a gun staring you down, it's going to be a lot different for them to walk into those schools. Right now, they look at the sign outside. This is a gun-free environment. That means they're the only one with a gun. And the damage this lunatic did in that school for such a long period of time.And frankly, you had a gun and he was outside as a guard and he decided not to go in. That was not his finest moment. That, I can tell you. He waited and he didn't want to go into the school. I just heard this. And it's a terrible situation.But we need people that can take care of our children. We're not going to let this happen again. And the way it's not going to happen again -- because they're basically cowards. Innately, they're cowards. And if they know bad things happen to them once they get into that school, by people that love the children -- see, a security guard doesn't know the children, doesn't love the children.This man standing outside of the school the other day doesn't love the children, probably doesn't know the children. The teachers love their children. They love their pupils. They love their students.They're doing it also for love. Now they have to be very adept. I'm not talking about every teacher. I'm talking about a small percentage. But people that have great ability with weaponry, with guns, those are the only people I'm talking about. But they'll protect the student. For the prime minister?I will say, what Russia and what Iran and what Syria have done recently is a humanitarian disgrace. I will tell you that. We're there for one reason: We're there to get ISIS and get rid of ISIS and go home. We're not there for any other reason. And we've largely accomplished our goal.But what those three countries have done to people over the last short period of time is a disgrace. OK, would you like to ask a question, Mr. Prime Minister?Well, I think the Trans-Pacific Partnership was not a good deal for us. And if they made it a good deal for us, I'd go in. But honestly, it wasn't.I like bilateral deals much more than multilateral. I like to be able to negotiate with one country, and if it doesn't work out, you terminate. And during the termination notice, right after you consent, they call you and they say, "PleaseBut Trans-Pacific Partnership -- TPP was a very bad deal for the United States. It would have cost us tremendous amounts of jobs, would have been bad. But there is a possibility we would go in, but they will be offering us a much better deal. I would certainly do that.As far as your lanes are concerned, we'd love to have Australia involved. And I think Australia wants us to stay involved.I have to say, we've developed a great relationship with China, other than the fact that they've been killing us on trade for the last long period of time -- killing us, absolutely killing the United States on trade. But we have developed a great relationship with China; probably closer than we've ever had.And my personal relationship, as Malcolm can tell you, with President Xi is, I think, quite extraordinary. He's somebody that I like and I think he likes me. With that being said, he likes China and I like the United States. [Laughter]But a lot of things are happening. It's going to be a very interesting period of time. But we do have to straighten out -- and as much as I like and respect -- really respect President Xi, we have to straighten out the trade imbalance. So much, it's no good. Malcolm TurnbullWell, to the second, we'll have to see. I don't think I'm going to exactly play that card. But we'll have to see. If the sanctions don't work, we'll have to go phase two. And phase two may be a very rough thing. May be very, very unfortunate for the world.But hopefully the sanctions will work. We have tremendous support all around the world for what we're doing. It really is a rogue nation.If we can make a deal, it'll be a great thing. And if we can't, something will have to happen. So we'll see. As far as General Mattis is concerned, I mean, he has that view, and a lot of people have that view.China's tough. They're getting stronger. They're getting stronger, to a large extent, with a lot of the money they've made from having poor leadership in the United States, because the United States leadership has allowed them to get away with murder.With that being said, I think we can have a truly great, even trading relationship with China. Hopefully, that's going to work out. And hopefully, the relationship I have with President Xi will make that happen. Only time will tell. Thank you.I don't think we've ever had a better relationship with China than we do right now. The only thing that can get in its way is trade, because it's so one- sided, it's so lopsided. And the people that stood here for many years, in this position, right where I am right now, should never have allowed that to happen.It's very unfair to the United States, and it's very unfair to the workers of the United States. Very, very unfair.And even today, it's extremely hard on companies that want to do business in China, because the barriers are incredible, whereas the barriers coming into our country are foolishly not. Foolishly. I believe in reciprocal trade. If they do something to us, we do something to them.Well, that never happened, and it's gotten worse and worse over the years. But we'll correct it. That can be the only thing that can get in the way of a truly long-term great relationship. Because we have all the ingredients for friendship. From the Washington Examiner, Gabby?Yep.Well, Jared's done an outstanding job. I think he's been treated very unfairly. He's a high-quality person. He works for nothing, just so -- you know, nobody ever reports that, but he gets zero. He doesn't get a salary, nor does Ivanka, who's now in South Korea -- long trip -- representing her country. And we cannot get a better representative.In fact, the first lady, Melania, was telling me what a great impression she made this morning when she landed in South Korea. Jared is truly outstanding. He's -- he's -- he was very successful when he was in the private sector. He's working on peace in the Middle East and some other small and very easy deals.They've always said, "Peace in the Middle EastWe're actually making great headway. Jerusalem was the right thing to do. We took that off the table. But Jared Kushner's right in the middle of that, and he's an extraordinary deal-maker. And if he does that, that will be an incredible accomplishment and a very important thing for our country.So General Kelly, who's doing a terrific job, by the way, is right in the middle of that. We inherited a system that's broken. It's a system where many people have just -- it's taken months and months and months to get many people that do not have the complex financial -- you know, complicated financials -- they don't have that, and it's still taken months.It's a broken system, and it shouldn't take this long. You know how -- how many people are on that list -- people with not a problem in the world. So that'll be up to General Kelly. General Kelly respects Jared a lot and General Kelly will make that call. I won't make that call. I will let the general, who's right here, make that call.But Jared's doing some very important things for our country. He gets paid zero. Ivanka, by the way, gets paid zero. She gave up a very good and very strong, solid, big business in order to come to Washington, because she wanted to help families and she wanted to help women. She said, "DadAnd I said "You knowSo I will let General Kelly make that decision. And he's going to do what's right for the country. And I have no doubt he'll make the right decision, OK? Thank you very much.And I have to add to that. They're very different countries with very different sets of problems. But I think we're well on the way to solving that horrible problem that happens far too often in the United States.Thank you very much, everybody. We appreciate it. Thank you. Mr. Prime Minister, thank you very much.Well, it's a very big subject. It's a subject that everybody is talking about, obviously, for all the wrong reasons. And we're going to do something about it. We're going to make changes. I... I see Congress wanting to act now for the first time. So we certainly have to strengthen background checks.  Everybody agrees with that. And we're going to make background checks very very strong. O'll be speaking about that at CPAC. Very very important is to do that. And also, the mentally ill, people that are mentally... they have mental problems, we cannot allow them to have guns. So we're going to be very strong on that. That's going to go a long way. I also believe that schools have to have some form of protection. They can't just be open and gun free. Gun free is an invitation for these crazy people to just come in and shoot. If they're not gun free -- if there are guns inside -- held by the right people, by highly trained professionals, you're going to see this end. It won't be happening anymore. Our schools are essentially gun-free zones, and that makes them very dangerous places.What?Deputy Sheriff... Peterson, I guess his name is, I mean they brought it out -- I was surprised. But it deserves  to be brought out. What he did, he's trained his whole life. There's an example. But when it came time to get in there and do something, he didn't have the courage or something happened. But he certainly did a poor job. There's no question about that.He was there for five minutes. For five minutes. That was during the entire shooting. He heard it right at the beginning. So he certainly did a poor job. But that's a case where somebody was outside, they're trained, they didn't react properly or under pressure or they were a coward. It was a real shock to the police department.Well, I think we really have a... a group of people that to do the right thing. The NRA is composed of people that I know very well. These are good people. In many cases, great people.They're patriots, they love our country. The NRA wants to do the right thing. I've been speaking to them, and they want to do the right thing. Look, I haven't been here that long. This has been going on for a long time, decades, and we're going to get it fixed.But the only way you're going to get it fixed is you have to have a certain amount of offensive power within the school. It can't only be defense. You have to have protection within the school. And we're going to work it out. But we are going to be very, very powerful, strong on background checks, especially having to do with people with mental problems.This person that did this horrible act, he was mentally deranged and everyone knew it for a long period of time. I guess they had 38 red flags, 39 red flags... you can't do any better than that.Unfortunately, they didn't catch it. They should have caught it. This could have been prevented. So the whole mental situation is very big. But, background checks, to me, are very important, and we have to strengthen up our schools.I'm going over to CPAC, I'm going to be talking about it. Thank you all very much.I'm... I'm looking forward to it, actually.Here's the story, just so you understand. There's been no collusion whatsoever. There’s no obstruction whatsoever. And I'm looking forward to it. I do worry when I look at all of the things that you people don't report about, with what's happening. If you take a look at, you know, the five months' worth of missing texts -- that's a lot of missing texts. And as I said yesterday, that's prime time.So you do sort of look at that and say, "What's going on?"" You do look at certain texts where they talk about insurance policies or insuranceSo here's the story…I don't know, no. I guess you're talking about two or three weeks, but I would love to do it.You know, again, it’s — I have to say — subject to my lawyers and all of that — but I would love to do it.You mean like Hillary did it under — who said that?Oh.Oh you said it. You did say it. You say a lot. Did Hillary do it under oath?I think you have an idea. Don’t you have an idea?Wait, wait, wait. Do you not have an idea? Do you really not have an idea?If you didn't do it... if you didn’t know about Hillary, then you’re not much of a reporter.Oh, I would do it under oath.Absolutely.No I would do it. Well, we're going to see... I am very disturbed, as is the general, as is everybody else that is intelligent. When you look at — five months? This is the late great Rose Mary Woods, right? With a step, right? This is a large-scale version.That was 18 minutes, this is five months. They say it's 50,000 texts and it's prime time. That's disturbing. Say hello to your [inaudible]. Good bye everybody. General?Well, McCabe got more than $500,000 from essentially Hillary Clinton. And is he investigating Hillary Clinton?Do you remember, did anybody hear many of my speeches when I talked about McCabe? He was the star of my speech. This isn't now. And I said a man who was more or less in charge of her — that, the wife got $500,000 from Terry. Now Terry is Hillary. And, yeah, I mean —You know what? I keep out of it. You'd find that hard to believe. I keep out of it. That's the way it fell. He's been there. It's one of those things. But he was the star of many of my speeches. Because he got from $500,000 to $700,000, whatever the number was. Got that money for the wife. And, you know, in Virginia, in Virginia — [Crosstalk]It's very interesting. [Crosstalk]Wait. In Virginia, you don't have to spend the money. So I never checked as to whether or not they spent the money on the campaign. How much of the money did he spend on the campaign, do you know — she — how much was it? [Crosstalk]Wait, how much of the money was spent?You know.I don't think so.No, I don't think I did.I don't know what's the big deal with that. Because I would ask you, "Who did you vote for?"" [Laughter]"I don't think that's a big deal. But I don't remember that. I saw that this morning. I don't remember asking him that question.I don't remember asking him the question. I think it's also a very unimportant question, but I don't remember asking him that. [Crosstalk]Hey, chief, would you do me a favor? When we come back, when we come back, I want you to have a deal, OK? See if you could have a deal. [Crosstalk]Yeah, nice — and, not — you don't repeat, and this and that, just one nice piece. OK?I only repeat, I only repeat for the purposes of making sure you understand.We're going to find out. [Crosstalk]Because here's what we'll say, and everybody says: No collusion. There's no collusion. Now they're saying, "OhYou're going to define it for me, OK? But I can tell you, there's no collusion. I couldn't have cared less about Russians having to do with my campaign. The fact is — you people won't say this, but I'll say it: I was a much better candidate than her. You always say she was a bad candidate. You never say I was a good candidate. I was one of the greatest candidates. Nobody else would have beaten the Clinton machine, as crooked as it was. But I was a great candidate. Someday you're going to say that. Goodbye, everybody.Thank you. And I'm pleased to welcome President Nazarbayev who has done a tremendous job in Kazakhstan. And having you at the White House is an honor. Mr. President, thank you for visiting with us, and we have very important discussions going on.For more than a quarter century, the United States has seen the strong, sovereign, and independent nation of Kazakhstan as a valued friend and a strategic partner in Central Asia. And we're honored, and we are truly honored to be the first country to recognize Kazakhstani independence on Christmas Day 1991. That's a long time ago, but not that long. You've made incredible strides.Since that time, the United States and Kazakhstan have worked together to advance peace and security in the region and far beyond the region. Together, we dismantled Kazakhstan's nuclear weapons infrastructure and ensured a safer and healthier future for the children of Kazakhstan and for the world at large. We've pursued opportunities to increase investment in Kazakhstan and the energy sector in particular.And today, our strategic partnership with Kazakhstan has advanced my South Asia strategy, which is working, and working far more rapidly than anybody would understand, and providing crucial support for our forces in Afghanistan and denying safe haven for terrorists. This cooperation has grown even stronger this month during Kazakhstan's presidency of the United Nations Security Council. And I will say, that's a great honor.Today, the President and I have a series of discussions on how our relationship can further the safety, prosperity, and wellbeing of our people. Kazakhstan is a valued partner in our efforts to rid the Korean Peninsula of nuclear weapons. Together, we are determined to prevent the North Korean regime from threatening the world with nuclear devastation.I also want to thank the President for his full support for our South Asia strategy, including our efforts in Afghanistan. I greatly appreciate the President's personal assurances that Kazakhstan will continue to provide critical logistical support and access for our troops fighting ISIS and the Taliban, where we have made tremendous strides.Donald TrumpWe also appreciate Kazakhstan's work to train and educate Afghan civilian specialists, and I'm grateful for the President's pledge of additional support to bolster Afghan security. The United States seeks partners who are strong, prosperous, respectful of their neighbors, and in control of their own destinies.I'm pleased that the President has shared his plan for Kazakhstan to become a top 30 global economy by 2015, and he's on his way -- very rapidly. He's also working to improve Kazakhstan's business environment, which will create new opportunities for American companies who are over there, and lots of jobs are being provided to both countries.American businesses are currently among the largest investors in Kazakhstan. And tonight, the President will attend a roundtable with American business executives at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce to further advance our commercial ties. We also agree that fair and reciprocal -- such an important word, "reciprocal"" -- trade benefits both of our countries."I greatly appreciate Kazakhstan's participation in our Central Asia Trade Forum and in our Central Asia Trade and Investment Framework Agreement. The President and I are working together to bring high-quality U.S. products and services to the Kazakhstani people -- so important. And it's really happening, and it's happening rapidly all across a range of industries, including commercial aircraft, railways, medical services, technology, and energy.Working in common cause, we can advance greater opportunity for citizens in both of our countries. Mr. President, thank you for visiting the White House today. Our nations have a long history of cooperation to promote a safer, healthier, more prosperous, and brighter tomorrow. I look forward to seeing the great advances of the Kazakhstani people under your incredible leadership. And that's what it is, it's incredible leadership.We want a strong, sovereign, and thriving future for Kazakhstan and for the peace-loving nations of the world -- all of them. Thank you very much. I very much appreciate it.That's fantastic. Thank you very much. Thank you everybody.Hello, everybody. You know Kevin -- Kevin McCarthy.[Begin Audio] We're talking about a lot of things. There are a lot of things to talk about. And we'll be talking about DACA also.Well, I don’t think the -- honestly, I don’t think the Democrats want to make a deal. I think they talk about DACA, but they don’t want to help the DACA people.Now, we used to say the DACA children, but the children aren’t children.I think you have a lot of sticking points, but they're all Democrat sticking points, because we are ready, willing, and able to make a deal, but they don’t want to. They don't want security at the border. We have people pouring in. They don’t want security at the border, and they don’t want to stop drugs. And they want to take money away from our military, which we cannot do. So those are some of the sticking points.Well, did you see what various senators in the room said about my comments? They weren’t made.No, no, I'm not a racist. I am the least racist person you have ever interviewed, that I can tell you.I don’t know if there will be a shutdown. There shouldn’t be, because if there is, our military gets hurt very badly. We cannot let our military be hurt.Well, that was a state thing. But we're going to now get involved with them. I love that they took responsibility. They took total responsibility. But we're going to get involved. Their attitude and their -- what they want to do, I think it's terrific. They took responsibility. They made a mistake.Say it?Well, we hope it won't happen again. But part of it is that people are on edge, but maybe, eventually, we'll solve the problem so they won't have to be so on edge.Well, we'll see what happens. They have a couple of meetings scheduled, a couple of additional meetings scheduled. We're going to see what happens. Hopefully, it's all going to work out. We will see.Well, The Wall Street Journal, as you know, quoted totally wrong. But we're going to see what happens with North Korea. We have great talks going on. The Olympics, you know about. A lot of things can happen.Well, we're ready, willing, and able to make a deal on DACA, but I don’t think the Democrats want to make a deal. And the folks from DACA should know the Democrats are the ones that aren’t going to make a deal. Thank you, everybody. Enjoy yourselves. Thank you.Thank you very much. Good afternoon. I am honored to welcome Prime Minister Erna Solberg of Norway to the White House. Madam Prime Minister, it has been a pleasure to host you today, had some very interesting discussions as we strengthen the wonderful friendship between our two countries.Norwegians and Americans of so much in common. We're nations made up of strong pioneering and adventurous people, to say the least. Over a thousand years ago, daring voyagers of Norwegian descent, such as Eric the Red, braved treacherous seas in courageous missions of exploration.Centuries later, during the Second World War, brave Norwegians escaped occupied Norway to fight alongside of Americans and the Allies, including on the beaches of Normandy in 1944. Our friendship builds on this proud and noble history, and is rooted in our commitment to confront the problems of today with that same confidence and that same determination, and I think it might even be greater determination.We've just concluded a series of discussions on how we can work together to promote a future of security and world prosperity. And also a great future for our respective countries working together. The prime minister and I are both committed to strengthening the NATO alliance.Norway has made contributions to the NATO-led mission in Afghanistan, where we are doing very well. It's been turned around. As well as to NATO and NATO's enhanced forward presence in Poland and the Baltic states. So I want to thank the prime minister and the Norwegian people for their participation in these efforts.I encourage Norway to follow through on its commitment to meet the two percent of GDP defense spending obligation. So that together, we can confront the full range of threats facing our nations. And I believe Norway will get there quite soon.Norway is also a vital and valued member of the campaign to defeat ISIS. Because of us, ISIS has now lost almost 100 percent of the territory it previously held not so long ago in Iraq and in Syria. We're grateful for Norway's civilian assistance efforts, and generous humanitarian aid to the region. They've been out there and really doing an incredible job.I'm also pleased to share that the economic ties between our two countries are robust and growing. The United States currently has a trade surplus, which is shocking. Can you believe I'm saying we have a surplus? There aren't too many. You're going to have to go back and check your people. [Laughter]But we're getting more and more surpluses all over the world, I will say that. I told that to the prime minister. But our two countries are robust and growing. The United States currently has a large contingent of products that we sell, and back and forth with Norway. And one of the big products of course is our military equipment.I want to thank the people of Norway for their commitment to fair and reciprocal trade. A word that you're going to hear more and more coming from this administration, and it should have come from other administrations before me. Reciprocal trade, which benefits us all. Free nations are stronger when the trade is fair. And trade has not been overly fair with the United States, but we've had that great relationship with Norway. But remember the word "reciprocal."""In November, we started delivering the first F-52's and F-35 fighter jets. We have a total of 52, and they've delivered a number of them all ready, a little ahead of schedule. It's a $10 billion order. Norway also invests about one third of its sovereign wealth fund in American businesses, supporting hundreds of thousands of American jobs.They're very big investors in our stock market, and therefore the prime minster thanked me very much. Because their market is -- you have done very well with your investments in the United States, right? Thank you. Norway's commitment to mutually beneficial commerce is a model for other nations, and it really is. It's an amazing country.I look forward to forging an even stronger economic relationship between the United States and Norway, growing this record of success with even more investment and more jobs and more job creation.We're also proud of our increasing cooperation on health and health security, and also on biodefense. Very important to both countries. I commend Prime Minister Solberg's efforts to promote vaccine development and disease prevention. Together, we can save and improve many, many lives. We're working very, very hard, in some cases together, on cures to many ailments.Prime Minister Solberg, I want to thank you again for joining us at the White House. For decades, Norwegians and Americans have stood side-by-side against common threats to our freedom, to our security and to our values.Together, we have fought against fascism and communism and terrorism, and we face threats always together. We're partners. Our partnership has advanced peace, cooperation and respect for human dignity all around the world.Today, we remain united in our efforts to confront shared challenges, to seize new opportunities and to build a bright and beautiful future for our countries, our people, our children, and I think we're doing very well working together, and we have a newfound friendship. So I want to thank you, and God bless you. Thank you very much.The U.S. has an impressive business community, and I have commended the leading role it is playing also in the transformation to a green economy. For example, by the fact that one of the big areas we are now importing in Norway is electrical cars from Tesla. And Norway's combating climate change.It's an important issue for us. And we are committed to the Paris Agreement. But it leads to businesses, and it leads to American businesses also (ph) selling cars in Norway. At the same time, the green economy is an area where we see tremendous economic and business opportunities in the future.And finally, I think it's important to say that we also are discussing some of the big, difficult issues. For example, the development in Afghanistan, where I think and hope that we can find new future. It's important that we are all working together to find solutions both in North Korea, Afghanistan, Syria and Iraq. And since September 11th, 2001, Norway has contributed to a range of missions and operations including the fight against ISIS.And I have assured the president we remain unwavering in our commitment to the fight against terrorism all over the world. So, Mr. President, I am looking forward to future cooperation. And thank you for a very fruitful meeting.Thank you. OK, some questions. How about Sarah Westwood? Where is Sarah? Sarah? Thank you. Washington Examiner.Right.No. No. No.It's got to include the wall. We need the wall for security. We need the wall for safety. We need the wall for stopping the drugs from pouring in. I would imagine that the people in the room, both Democrat or Republican, I really believe they're going to come up with a solution to the DACA problem, which has been going on for a long time. And maybe beyond that, immigration as a whole.But any solution has to include the wall, because without the wall, it all doesn't work. You could look at other instances, look at what happened in Israel. They put up the wall; they solved a very major problem. We need the wall. We have to have the wall for security purposes. Security is number one. And so the answer is, have to have the wall. Thank you. And please.When you say "the big warRight.Well, maybe he knows something that I don't know, OK? [Laughter] I would say this...I would say this. We have a very, very powerful military. We're getting more powerful by the month, by the day. We're ordering a lot of the equipment that you're ordering. We're ordering it, but in larger amounts, to put it mildly. We are building up our military to a point that we've never been before. We're also -- we were very much weakened over the last long period of time, but not with me.No, I don't expect that. I think we're going to have -- because of strength, peace through strength. I think we're going to have a long period of peace. I hope we do. We have certainly problems with North Korea, but a lot of good talks are going on right now, a lot of good energy. I see a lot of good energy. I like it very much what I am seeing.I just spoke this morning with the -- as you present, with the president, President Moon of South Korean. He had some really great meetings. His representatives had a great, great meeting. And I had some very good feedback from that. So hopefully a lot of good things are going to work out. No, I think that we will have peace through strength.Our military will be stronger than it ever was in a very short period of time. And that's my opinion. That's not the generals' opinion. But I think my opinion counts more right now. Thank you.Erna SolbergSir, did you have a question for the prime minister?Well, I will say this. There is collusion, but it's really with the Democrats and the Russians far more than it is with the Republicans and the Russians. So the witch hunt continues. John, go ahead.Well, again, John, there has been no collusion between the Trump campaign and Russians, or Trump and Russians, no collusion. When I watch you interviewing all of the people leaving their committees, I mean, the Democrats are all running for office and they're trying to say this, that. But bottom line, they all say there's no collusion.And there is no collusion. And when you talk about interviews, Hillary Clinton had an interview where she wasn't sworn in. She wasn't given the oath. They didn't take notes. They didn't record. And it was done on the Fourth of July weekend. That is perhaps ridiculous, and a lot of people looked upon that as being a very serious breach. And it really was.But, again, I'll speak to attorneys, I can only say this. There was absolutely no collusion. Everybody knows it, every committee. I've been in office now for 11 months. For 11 months they've had this phony cloud over this administration, over our government. And it has hurt our government. It does hurt our government.It's a Democrat hoax that was brought up as an excuse for losing an election that, frankly, the Democrats should have won, because they have such a tremendous advantage in the Electoral College. So it was brought up for that reason. But it has been determined that there's been no collusion and by virtually everybody. So we'll see what happens.We'll see what happens. I mean, certainly I'll see what happens. But when they have no collusion and nobody's found any collusion at any level, it seems unlikely that you'd even have an interview.Just to add to the answer, I think it is much better to work with Russia. It's very much a better having to do with North Korea, where we currently have a problem, that should have never been my problem. This should have been a problem solved many years ago when it was much less dangerous. But it was given to me, along with a big mess of other things.But I will say this, I am for massive oil and gas and everything else, and a lot of energy. Putin can't love that. I am for the strongest military that the United States ever had. Putin can't love that.But Hillary was not for a strong military, and Hillary, my opponent, was for windmills, and she was for other types of energy that don't have the same capacities at this moment certainly.So I just want to say it's a lot better to work with other countries. We're working with China on North Korea. We're working with various other countries, and I think we're doing very well. We had a great talk, as you know and as you reported. We had a great talk this morning with President Moon, and I think that a lot of good things are happening. We're going to see what happens.But working with other countries, whether it's Russia or China or India, or any of the countries that surround this world and encompass this world, that's a good thing, John. That's not a bad thing. That's a very good thing, OK? OK, go ahead.Well, it wasn't a major topic, I must tell you. We talked about other things, including mostly trade. But I will say that the Paris Agreement as drawn and as we signed was very unfair to the United States. It put great penalties on us. It made it very difficult for us to deal in terms of business. It took away a lot of our asset values. We are a country rich in gas and coal and oil, and lots of other things, and there was a tremendous penalty for using it. It hurt our businesses.According to some estimates, we would have had to close businesses in order to qualify by 2025. Whereas as an example China, by 2030, they don't kick in until 2030. Russia, some place in the mid-1990's, that was their standard, and that was never a good standard, because that was a dirty standard for the environment.It treated the United States very unfairly. And, frankly, it's an agreement that I have no problem with, but I had a problem with the agreement that they signed. Because as usual, they made a bad deal.So we could conceivably go back in. But I say this, we are very strong on the environment, I feel very strongly about the environment. Our EPA and our EPA commissioners are very, very powerful, in the sense that they want to have clean water, clean air, but we also want businesses that can compete. And the Paris Accord really would have taken away our competitive edge, and we're not going to let that happen. I'm not going to let that happen.One of the great assets of Norway is a thing called water, and they have tremendous hydropower, tremendous. In fact, most of your energy or your electricity is produced by hydro. I wish we'd do some of that, but hydropower is fantastic, and it's a great asset that you have. Thank you very much, great honor. Thank you. Thank you very much.Not looking good. It's not looking good. It's quite sad to see that, so my people are very upset about it. I can't imagine there's anything on him frankly because, as we said, there's no collusion. There's no collusion whatsoever. But a lot of lawyers thought that was pretty sad. Go ahead.A little louder. Helicopter. A lot of noise.Yeah. Yeah, that's right. It is the anniversary, and hopefully everything will normalize with Cuba. But right now, they're not doing the right thing, and when they don't do the right thing, we're not going to do the right thing. That's all there is to it.We have to be strong with Cuba. The Cuban people are incredible people. They support me very strongly, but we'll get Cuba straightened out.No, I'm not. No. What else? What are you, surprised? What?I did speak to Cindy McCain, and I wished her well. I wished John well. They've headed back, but I understand he'll come if we ever needed his vote, which hopefully we won't.But the word is John will come back if we need his vote, and it's too bad. It's tough. He's going through a very he's going through a very tough time. There's no question about it, but he will come back if we need his vote. Thank you very much. Everybody. Thank you.No, this really will mostly benefit the middle class and job. Companies -- companies are coming in. They're pouring into the country. They've already started, and this will be great for jobs. It will be fantastic for the middle-income people, and for jobs.It will also benefit lots of other things. I mean we're looking to -- if you look at the whole thing, everybody's gonna benefit. But I think the greatest benefit is going to be for jobs, and for the middle class middle right.Well, this is going to bring money in. As an example, we think $4 trillion will come flowing back into the country. That's money that's overseas that stuck there for years and years. It was two and a half trillion, then it was three and a half. It's probably over $4 trillion. This is money, that's been stuck there for years, and it's going to come pouring back into the country.But that'll be -- that'll be one. And I will say because of what we've done with regulation and other things, our economy is doing fantastically well. But it has another big step to go, and it can't take that step unless we do the tax bill.Well, we have a tremendous spirit to the tax reform. This is going to be one of the great Christmas gifts to middle-income people. The Democrats have their... you know, their sound bite, the standard sound bite, before they even know what the bill is all about. They talk about for the wealthy. This is going to be one of the great gifts to the middle-income people of this country that they've ever gotten for Christmas.What?Well, what will happen is at the end, whichever the administration is, in years from now, they'll make it, and maybe can even make it more generous, if we can get the economy like it should be. The economy now has hit 3%. Nobody thought would be anywhere close. I think we can go to four, five and maybe even 6% ultimately. Each percentage point is $2.5 trillion.We are back, we're really going to start to rock. We need this as our final push, and you're going to see some numbers that are great. But, most importantly, you're going to see great job numbers. Jobs are going to come pouring back into this country, which we need very much. Thank you everybody. We're going to Camp David now.Well, it's a shame what's happened with the FBI. But we're going to rebuild the FBI. It will be bigger and better than ever. But it is very sad when you look at those documents. And how they've done that is really, really disgraceful, and you have a lot of very angry people that are seeing it. It's a very sad thing to watch, I will tell you that.And I'm going today, on behalf of the FBI, their new building. But when everybody -- not me -- when everybody -- the level of anger at what they've been witnessing with respect to the FBI is certainly very sad.I think he should. He tried. I want to support -- always, I want to support the person running. We need the seat. We'd like to have the seat. I think we're doing very well on the tax. We'll see what happens. But I think we're doing very well. It's something that's going to be monumental. It will be the biggest tax decrease, or tax cut, in the history of our country.But as far as Roy Moore, yeah, it's certainly -- I would certainly say he should.You'll have to make that determination. We're hoping for a very -- let's put it this way: There is absolutely no collusion. That has been proven. When you look at the committees, whether it's the Senate or the House, everybody -- my worst enemies, they walk out, they say, "There is no collusion but we'll continue to look."" They're spending millions and millions of dollars."There is absolutely no collusion. I didn't make a phone call to Russia. I have nothing to do with Russia. Everybody knows it. That was a Democrat hoax. It was an excuse for losing the election, and it should have never been this way, where they spent all these millions of dollars.So now even the Democrats admit there's no collusion. There is no collusion -- that's it. And we got to get back to running a country.What we have found, and what they have found after looking at this, really, scam, is they found tremendous -- whatever you want to call it; you're going to have to make up your own determination -- but they found tremendous things on the other side. When you look at the Hillary Clinton investigation, it was -- I've been saying for a long time -- that was a rigged system, folks. That was a rigged system.When you look at what they did with respect to the Hillary Clinton investigation, it was rigged. And there's never been anything like it in this country that we've ever found before. It's very, very sad. Very, very sad.What else is there? You know the answer. How many times has that question been asked? Go ahead.I have. I have seen it. I think it's going to do very, very well. I think that we are going to be in a position to pass something as early as next week, which will be monumental.I think they'll be great. They're great people. They want to see it done. I know them very well. I know how they feel. These are great people and they want to see it done, and they want to see it done properly. Go ahead.Well, we're going to see what happens with North Korea. We have a lot of support. There are a lot of nations that agree with us -- almost everybody. We can't let that happen. And we're going to see what happens with North Korea. We hope it works out.Yeah, I think we will. I think we will. The child tax credit, just so you understand, the Democrats have done nothing in terms of children, in terms of child tax credit. We're putting in a tremendous child tax credit, and it is increasing on a daily basis.It was great. He said very nice things about what I've done for this country in terms of the economy, and then he said also some negative things in terms of what's going on elsewhere. But the primary point was to talk about North Korea, because we would love to have his help on North Korea. China is helping. Russia is not helping. We'd like to have Russia's help -- very important.I don't want to talk about pardons for Michael Flynn yet. We'll see what happens. Let's see. I can say this: When you look at what's gone on with the FBI and with the Justice Department, people are very, very angry. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.Yeah, I'll be talking about him. I can tell you one thing for sure: We don't need a liberal person in there, a Democrat -- Jones. I've looked at his record. It's terrible on crime. It's terrible on the border. It's terrible on the military. I can tell you for a fact, we do not need somebody that's going to be bad on crime, bad on borders, bad with the military, bad for the Second Amendment.Well, he denies it. Look, he denies it. I mean, if you look at what is really going on, and you look at all the things that have happened over the last 48 hours, he totally denies it. He says it didn't happen. And, you know, you have to listen to him also. You're talking about, he said 40 years ago this did not happen. So, you know --I'll be letting you know next week. But I can tell you, you don't need somebody who's soft on crime, like Jones.Let me just tell you, Roy Moore denies it. That's all I can say. He denies it. And, by the way, he totally denies it.Women are very special. I think it's a very special time because a lot of things are coming out, and I think that's good for our society, and I think it's very, very good for women. And I'm very happy a lot of these things are coming out, and I'm very happy it's being exposed.I don't know -- look, I don't want to speak for Al Franken. I don't know what happened.I just heard about Conyers two minutes ago. As far as Franken is concerned, he's going to have to speak for himself. I'd rather have him speak for himself.We had a great call with President Putin. We're talking about peace in Syria -- very important. We're talking about North Korea. We had a call that lasted almost an hour and a half. We've just put out a release on the call. But we're talking very strongly about bringing peace for Syria. We're talking about very strongly about North Korea and Ukraine.Well, I'm not going to get involved in litigation. But, personally, I've always felt that that was a deal that's not good for the country. I think your pricing is going to go up. I don't think it's a good deal for the country. But I'm not going to get involved. It's litigation. Thank you, everybody. Have a very great Thanksgiving.Well, he denies. I mean, Roy Moore denies it. And, by the way, he gives a total denial. And I do have to say, 40 years is a long time. He's run eight races, and this has never comes up. So 40 years is a long time. The women are Trump voters; most of them are Trump voters. All you can do is, you have to do what you have to do. He totally denies it.I do. I really do. I think they should. Thank you. Have a good Thanksgiving, everybody.It's been a really great 12 days. And I made a lot of great friends. You've probably heard the closing remarks, but we made a lot of great friends. So we look forward to going back, but we really enjoyed it. We really enjoyed it.No, we had a lunch, and I was able to make my final remarks at the lunch.Yeah.The opening remarks? I could give them to you if you want. (Laughter.)Oh, the lunch was great. Everybody was there. They were delayed three hours, as you probably heard. There was a delay for some reason. But we had a lunch, and they let me make my opening -- my ending remarks at the lunch. So that was really great. But we're leaving pretty much on time I think. Right? How's that? Pretty much on time?Kept us pretty much on time.Very proud of it from a standpoint of security and safety, military -- very proud -- and trade. You will see numbers that you won't believe over the years. Because over a period of years, they will be treating us much differently than they have in the past.People were taking advantage -- countries were taking advantage of the United States, more than just this region, but the world. And those days are over. We're going to be fair, we're going to be reciprocal. As I said in my remarks before: We will be reciprocal, meaning if they're doing it, we're doing it. And that's the way it's going to be.Well, I think we made a lot of progress, just in terms of relationship. We actually sold $300 billion worth of equipment and other things. And I think that number is going to be quadrupled very quickly. So that's over a trillion dollars' worth of stuff.I think we have done a really fantastic job. It's been a great trip. It's also been really good, in terms of North Korea and getting everybody together. I think their acts are all together. China has been excellent. Japan and South Korea have been excellent. I think that's a very important part of the trip.And the other important part to me was trade and relationships. The Philippines is an unbelievably important military location because if you speak to the admirals and you speak to the generals, that's a perfect spot. And, as you know, we had no relationship for a long period of time in the Philippines, and now we have a very good relationship there.We're back with the Philippines. So, strategically, we have a very important location -- maybe the most important strategic location in that area. So it's good.We had a great time. I hope you guys are all okay. You all look well. Go to sleep for a little while, and we'll be around. We'll talk to you later.The basketball players, by the way -- I know a lot of people are asking -- I will tell you, when I heard about it two days ago, I had a great conversation with President Xi. What they did was unfortunate. You know, you're talking about very long prison sentences. They do not play games.He was terrific, and they're working on it right now. And hopefully everything is going to work out. And I know they're very grateful because they were told exactly what happened.But it's a very, very rough situation with what happened to them. And I was with him -- yes, he is. And he's been terrific. President Xi has been terrific on that subject. But that was not a good subject. That was not something that should have happened. Okay, folks. Go rest.I hope so. I hope so.Well, I think we're going to go into details of what I said. Were you there before, when I -- I think we'll be going into some more details as to what we're doing, as to what we accomplished. But, specifically, deals, concepts. And we'll be pinpointing things.But, you know, it's minimum $300 billion, and that's going to be very quickly over a trillion dollars, that in itself. And I would say that's the least significant thing that we accomplished. I think one of the things we really accomplished big is relationship, and also letting people know that from now on, things are going to be reciprocal.We can't have trade deficits of $30, $40, $50 billion; $300 billion in the case of China. We can't do that. We have to have reciprocal trade. What's good for them is good for us.Well, relationship is always important. It doesn't mean it's necessarily close. It's really a relationship based on respect. To me, a relationship based on respect is much more important than anything else, including friendship.Because this is really something -- they have to respect our country. And they have not respected our country for a long period of time. Thank you all very much. Have a good time. Thank you.Thank you very much, President Quang. And thank you for your tremendous hospitality during my first visit to Vietnam. It is a pleasure to be with you right here in Hanoi.On behalf of the entire American delegation, I want to thank the Vietnamese people for their warm welcome, and to reaffirm the strong friendship and growing partnership between our two nations.Travelers from all around the world, including many Americans, come to Vietnam each year to admire your magnificent limestone mountains, cycle through your many winding hillsides, or swim in the majestic Ha Long Bay.Your nation’s magnificence brings different people together from around the world in shared appreciation of the great beauty and splendor of your wonderful country. Over the past two decades, our two nations have come together to find common purpose based on common interests. And that's what's happening. It is those crucial bonds we are here to reaffirm today.In May, the United States transferred the U.S. Coast Guard Cutter Morgenthau to the people and country of Vietnam. Named for U.S. Treasury Secretary Henry Morgenthau Jr., this vessel once patrolled the coasts of Vietnam during the Vietnam War.Today, the same American vessel, a gift between partners, is sailing the waters of the Pacific on its way to patrol these coasts for the people of Vietnam.This month we mark Veterans Day in the United States. And out of war and conflict, we have achieved a deep friendship, partnership, and we have achieved peace. Bound by mutual respect and common experience, our veterans laid the foundation for that achievement between our nations.Our decades-long joint humanitarian efforts with the Vietnamese people and government to account for and recover personnel still missing -- so important to us -- from the war honors these horrors of this horrendous war.We want our servicemembers support -- and we give total support to the families, and we strengthen the foundation of our comprehensive partnership. That is so important to us.In the spirit of our friendship, I want to congratulate President Quang for hosting a very successful APEC Leaders Meeting this week in Da Nang. Congratulations. You did a fantastic job. Thank you.As I stated in my address to the APEC CEO Summit on Friday, the United States is committed to a free and open Indo-Pacific, where strong, independent nations respect each other’s sovereignty, uphold the rule of law, and advance responsible commerce. We want our partners in the Indo-Pacific to be proud and self-reliant, not proxies or satellites.We look forward to achieving a bilateral trade agreement with partners who abide by the principles of fair and reciprocal trade -- two very important words: fair and reciprocal. It hasn't been that way for the United States almost at all. And we're changing that, and we're changing it rapidly. For trade to work, all countries must play by the rules.I am encouraged that Vietnam has recently become the fastest growing export market to the United States.Mr. President, I applaud your efforts to implement economic reforms and increase Vietnam’s trade and investment in all directions. The United States is enthusiastic about reforms that promote economic prosperity for all Vietnamese citizens, as we look to your growing middle class as a key market for American goods and services. We just had a great discussion about American goods and services coming in to Vietnam. Two-way street.I am confident that American energy, agriculture, financial services, aviation, digital commerce, and defense products are able to meet all of your many commercial needs -- and, in fact, not only meet them, but what we do is better than anybody else.Moving forward, I welcome Vietnam’s commitment to eliminating trade barriers for U.S. agricultural products. It's very important. We must ensure that American farmers and all American companies, especially those in digital services and e-commerce, can compete on a level playing field. And we look forward to working with you to combat predatory and unfair trade practices in the region.On security issues, we continue to work with our Vietnamese partners and with partners across the region on a range of challenges, including maritime security, counterterrorism, human and drug trafficking, cybercrime, and disease prevention.Later today, I will travel to the Philippines, where I will discuss many of these issues at the U.S.-ASEAN Summit and the East Asia Summit. The ASEAN Summit is going to be something, I think, very, very special. I look forward to attending.We will also discuss the growing threat from North Korea. As I said in my speech to the Republic of Korea’s National Assembly: All responsible nations must act now to ensure that North Korea’s rogue regime stops threatening the world with unthinkable loss of life.Safety and security are goals that should unite all civilized nations. We want progress, not provocation. I mean, we have been provoked; the world has been provoked. We don't want that. We want stability, not chaos. And we want peace, not war.Mr. President, thank you for being such a gracious host during my time right here in Vietnam. I toured areas of Vietnam, and it is magnificent what’s happening.Over the past two decades, our nations have continued to grow closer in advancing our shared interests. The history of our two nations reveals the possibilities for peace and progress in our world. Moving forward as partners, we will achieve great prosperity and success for the American people and for the Vietnamese people.I thank you very much. Thank you. [Applause]That's true.What I said there, I'm surprised that there's any conflict on this. What I said there is that I believe he believes that, and that's very important for somebody to believe. I believe that he feels that he and Russia did not meddle in the election.As to whether I believe it or not, I'm with our agencies, especially as currently constituted with their leadership. I believe in our intel agencies, our intelligence agencies. I've worked with them very strongly. There weren’t seventeen as was previously reported; there were actually four. But they were saying there was seventeen; there were actually four. But as currently led by fine people, I believe very much in our intelligence agencies.Now, at the same time, I want to be able -- because I think it's very important -- to get along with Russia, to get along with China, to get along with Vietnam, to get along with lots of countries, because we have a lot of things we have to solve. And, frankly, Russia and China in particular can help us with the North Korea problem, which is one of our truly great problems.So I'm not looking to stand and start arguing with somebody when there's reporters all around and cameras recording and seeing our conversation. I think it was very obvious to everybody. I believe that President Putin really feels -- and he feels strongly -- that he did not meddle in our election. What he believes is what he believes.What I believe is that we have to get to work. And I think everybody understood this that heard the answer. We have to get to work to solve Syria, to solve North Korea, to solve Ukraine, to solve terrorism.And, you know, people don't realize Russia has been very, very heavily sanctioned. They were sanctioned at a very high level, and that took place very recently. It's now time to get back to healing a world that is shattered and broken. Those are very important things. And I feel that having Russia in a friendly posture, as opposed to always fighting with them, is an asset to the world and an asset to our country, not a liability.And, by the way, Hillary Clinton had the reset button. She wanted to get back together with Russia. She even spelled "reset"" wrong. That's how it startedPresident Obama wanted to get along with Russia, but the chemistry wasn't there. Getting along with other nations is a good thing, not a bad thing -- believe me. It's a good thing, not a bad thing.Okay, second.Steve, I think anything is a possibility. Strange things happen in life. That might be a strange thing to happen, but it's certainly a possibility. If that did happen, it would be a good thing for -- I can tell you -- for North Korea. But it would also be good for lots of other places, and it would be good for the world.So, certainly, it is something that could happen. I don't know that it will, but it would be very, very nice if it did.Everybody okay? Everybody happy? Everybody healthy? Two more days -- no problem.It's been a -- I think it's been a great trip. In certain ways, it's been very epic. I think things have happened that have been really amazing. Prime Minister Abe came up to me just at the end, and he said that since you left South Korea and Japan, that those two countries are now getting along much, much better. That's from Prime Minister Abe -- that there's been a real bonding between South Korea and Japan. So that was great.And we had a time in China. You were there. Were most of you there? Jennifer?They say in the history of people coming to China, there's been nothing like that. And I believe it.Did you see the show? Did most of you see the show or part of the show afterwards? It was incredible.The opera was great too, but the following night -- that was the first time that theater has been used at the Forbidden City in over a hundred years. You know that. They prepared the theater for that -- the first time in over a hundred years.No, it was an amazing -- we have an amazing feeling toward each other. And he's for China; I'm for USA. You know, it's one of those things. But we have a great feeling.So it's been really very incredible. And then today was excellent. Today was a different kind of a thing. It's a conference.And then tonight they're having a state dinner in Hanoi. And we then go to the Philippines, which was a rough trip the last time. That was a rough presidential trip, but this won't be. And we're staying the extra day because they have the two conferences; they have first day and they have the second day. And the second day, a lot of people say is very important. And I said, you know what, if I'm there, I should do it.But it's gone really well. I've really enjoyed it. Developed some new friendships -- some really good friendships. But the three countries we've stopped in, the original three are -- they're really in our camp, and we're in their camp.We issued a joint statement. We're going to be -- have you seen the statement yet?So I think it'll go out. You'll see it in a little while.It's going to save tremendous numbers of lives. And we did that very quickly. We agreed very quickly.As you know, we saw each other last night just for a picture, and that was the first time. And then today we had a roundtable with numerous countries. You have a list of the countries, obviously. Right? You have a list.And we spoke intermittently during that roundtable. We seem to have a very good feeling for each other and a good relationship considering we don't know each other well. I think it's a very good relationship.We had two or three very short conversations because of the meeting, the fact that we're at a meeting. But during those conversations, we talked about Syria and de-conflicting, et cetera. You know, we have areas where troops are facing -- our troops -- I mean, their troops are facing our troops and there's nothing in between.And we issued a statement -- a joint statement. It was just approved, and I think people are going to be extremely happy with it and also very impressed with it.He said he didn't meddle. He said he didn't meddle. I asked him again. You can only ask so many times. But I just asked him again, and he said he absolutely did not meddle in our election. He did not do what they're saying he did. And he said --Well, look, I can't stand there and argue with him. I'd rather have him get out of Syria, to be honest with you. I'd rather have him -- you know, work with him on the Ukraine than standing and arguing about whether or not -- because that whole thing was set up by the Democrats.I mean, they ought to look at Podesta. They ought to look at all of the things that they've done with the phony dossier. Those are the big events. Those are the big events.But Putin said he did not do what they said he did. And, you know, there are those that say, if he did do it, he wouldn't have gotten caught, all right? Which is a very interesting statement. But we have a -- you know, we have a good feeling toward getting things done.If we had a relationship with Russia, that would be a good thing. In fact, it would be a great thing, not a bad thing. Because he could really help us in North Korea. We have a big problem with North Korea. And China is helping us. And because of the lack of a relationship that we have with Russia because of this artificial thing that's happening with this Democratic-inspired thing, we could really be helped a lot, tremendously, with Russia having to do with North Korea.And, you know, you're talking about millions and millions of lives. This isn't baby stuff. This is the real deal. And if Russia helped us, in addition to China, that problem would go away a lot faster.He just -- every time he sees me, he says, "I didn't do that."" And I believe -- I really believe that when he tells me thatDon't forget, all he said is he never did that, he didn't do that. I think he's very insulted by it, which is not a good thing for our country. Because again, if we had a relationship with Russia, North Korea -- which is our single biggest problem right now -- North Korea, it would be helped a lot. I think I'm doing very well with respect to China. They've cut off financing; they've cut off bank lines; they've cut off lots of oil and lots of other things, lots of trade. And it's having a big impact. But Russia, on the other hand, may be making up the difference. And if they are, that's not a good thing.So having a relationship with Russia would be a great thing -- not a good thing -- it would be a great thing, especially as it relates to North Korea.And I'll say this, Hillary had her stupid reset button that she spelled the word wrong, but she doesn't have what it takes to have that kind of a relationship where you could call or you could do something and they would pull back from North Korea, or they'd pull back from Syria, or maybe pull back from Ukraine. I mean, if we could solve the Ukraine problem --But this is really an artificial barrier that's put in front of us for solving problems with Russia, and he says that very strongly. He really seems to be insulted by it, and he says he didn't do it. So --Excuse me?I think that he is very, very strong in the fact that he didn't do it. And then you look, and you look at what's going on with Podesta, and you look at what's going on with the server from the DNC and why didn't the FBI take it, why did they leave it; why did a third party look at the server and not the FBI -- if you look at all of this stuff, and you say, what's going on here?And then you hear it's 17 agencies. Well, it's three. And one is Brennan and one is whatever. I mean, give me a break. They're political hacks.So you look at it -- I mean, you have Brennan, you have Clapper, and you have Comey. Comey is proven now to be a liar and he's proven to be a leaker.So you look at that, and you have President Putin very strongly, vehemently says he had nothing to do with that. Now, you're not going to get into an argument. You're going to start talking about Syria and the Ukraine.I do.And others.I don't know. They had a story today in one of the papers about China. China likes me. China likes me. And I get along with them; I get along with others too.I get along very well with Angela. You people don't write that. I actually get along really well with Angela. You know, they had that handshaking event. I was with her for a long time before that. And somebody shouts out, "shake her handI think I -- I'll be honest with you, I think I have a great relationship with every single one of them. Every person in that room today -- you had what, 15, or so, or 18? Asia Pacific --Everyone in that room, I have a good relationship. They're very different people, but everyone. And I do have a very good relationship with Xi, obviously. It's the biggest state -- it's the biggest state entrance and the biggest state dinner they've ever had, by far, in China. He called it a state-plus. Like he said it -- he actually said, state-plus-plus, which is very interesting.But he's -- you know, look, again, he's a strong person. He's a very smart person. I like him a lot; he likes me. But, you know, we represent two very different countries. But we get along very well. And that's a good thing that we along; that's not a bad thing.And on trade, you know, it was -- most of the news covered it fairly. Some didn't. When I said it's not your fault -- because I was saying how China has been hurting us on trade for many decades, for many years -- and it really is. It's not his fault. We should have been doing that. But we didn't do it. It's the fault of the administrations that preceded me. And we're not going to do that anymore; we're going to be very tough on trade. And he understands that.Well, I do. But I also raise issues on many other things. I mean, I have an obligation -- we lost, last year, with China, depending on the way you do your numbers, because you can do them a numbers of way -- anywhere from $350 [billion] to $504 billion. That's with one country. I'm going to fix that. And I've got to fix what we have with Mexico, who was there today too, who I also have a very good relationship with. And I have a great relationship with France. Some of you were in France with me, with the Eiffel Tower dinner. We have a great relationship with Emmanuel.So I think that's the thing. I've actually been getting -- I always said it, I think -- I said, I think one of my strong suits is going to be foreign affairs. And we're actually getting very good marks having to do with foreign affairs. There's nobody that I can think of that I don't have a very good relationship with.But when we can -- I mean, you'll be seeing the release that's put out. But we can save many, many, many lives by making a deal with Russia having to do with Syria, and then ultimately getting Syria solved and getting Ukraine solved and doing other things, having a good relationship with Russia is a great, great thing.And this artificial Democratic hit job gets in the way. It gets in the way. And that's a shame because people will die because of it. And it's a pure hit job. And it's artificially induced. And it's a shame. But anyway.Well, again, I've been with you folks, so I haven't gotten to see too much. And believe it or not, even when I'm in Washington and New York, I do not watch much television. I know they like to say -- people that don't know me, they like to say I watch television. People with fake sources -- you know, fake reporters, fake sources. But I don't get to watch much television, primarily because of documents. I'm reading documents a lot, and different things.I actually read much more -- I read you people much more than I watch television. But anyway -- but so I have not seen very much about him, about it. And, you know, I put out a statement yesterday that he'll do the right thing, that -- he was interviewed.Honestly, I'd have to look at it and I'd have to see. Because again, I'm dealing with the President of China, the President of Russia, I'm dealing with the folks over here. So I haven't devoted -- I haven't been able to devote very much time to it.And I've been at -- I mean, you people are just as strong as me. You're following me all over the place. I mean, we are going to lots of meetings, right? And, by the way, anybody that took the bet, pick up your money, okay? And the hard stuff was that. Really hard.Well, a lot of people said it's almost physically impossible for someone to go through 12 days.What I didn't want to do was come back because I would have had to come back. And we would have been on this plane again in five weeks from now exactly to do four days. We were going to do four days and four days. And this way we did twelve, and we hit the big conferences, which is a big asset. So anyway.I will see it when -- I mean, I basically put out a statement which was obvious. So I'll stick with statement for now, but I'll have further comment as we go down the road. I have to get back into the country to see what's happening.President Xi made a statement. If you read his statement yesterday -- were you all there when he was speaking and made the statement in the big room -- the Great Room?He made a statement that he's committed to stopping the nuclearization of North Korea. That's a big statement. He made that statement, and a lot of people didn't -- they didn't pick that up. I don't think it was -- because it was part of the speech.And somehow a lot people -- to me, that was a very big statement. I even looked up -- because I'm sitting waiting to speak -- and I said, wow, that's a big statement. He made that statement in his speech yesterday or the day before, when he made -- you know, when we were speaking together. He put a statement out, Sarah, that said he's committed to making that happen. That's a big statement.You know, he was, through this process -- he's the most powerful Chinese leader since Mao Zedong. Some people say more powerful than Mao. With that being said, I really believe he's a good person, he's a good man, he wants to do right, he's representing his people. He's strong, he's very strong. But you know, you look at some of what you saw was very impressive. It was very impressive.Oh, I'd like to have him ratchet it up, and I think he's doing that. We had a long talk about it.And I was with him for hours. You know, I was with him -- like I sat with him. You were there at the beginning of that evening, right? Of the --Oh, really?Well, I was sitting with him. We were together for hours. And the day before, we were together for hours. And we get along very well. You know, it's easy to be with him for hours. Whereas, if you don't have chemistry, you people know, you can't be with somebody for two minutes. And we talked a lot about North Korea. We talked about a lot of things. We talked a lot about North Korea.No, I think he's going to ratchet it up. I did not speak to President Putin about it because we just had these little segments that we were talking about Syria. But President Putin would be tremendously helpful -- tremendously helpful -- if I had Russia and China helping us with North Korea, I think that would solve it. But this artificial barrier gets in the way. I call it the "artificial Democrat barrier."" It gets in the wayI wasn't able to -- because I really didn't, Jennifer. I really just -- we did, like, little snippets in between. We didn't have a planned meeting. We spoke, but we didn't have a planned meeting.We'll have a meeting. I think we have the potential to have a very good relationship. I don't know him like I know President Xi because I've spent a lot of time with President Xi, but I think we have the potential to have a very, very good relationship. I have it with Abe. I have it with Abe. Very good.I didn't. I say this: If that was him, he is one of the greatest gymnasts because the way he -- (laughter) -- it was like a perfect -- I never saw anything like that.No, wasn't it amazing? And he was standing up. I told him -- I said, I'm not going to ask -- because it was shot from a helicopter. I said, I will not ask if that's you, but if it was, I'm very impressed because you're better than any gymnast I've ever seen.There's an artificial barrier that puts in the way by the Democrats. It's a fake barrier. There was no collusion. Everybody knows there was no collusion. I mean, you speak to these people -- I saw Dianne Feinstein the other day and I respect her. She was on television the other day saying there's no collusion. The Democrats -- the Republicans come out screaming it, but the Democrats come out, and they say, "NoAnd I think it's a shame that something like that can destroy a very important potential relationship between two countries that are very important countries. Russia could really help us. And the Democrats wanted to have a good relationship with Russia, but they couldn't do it because they didn't have the talent to do it. They didn't have the chemistry to do it. They didn't have what it takes to do it. You know, there is a talent to that.But I think Putin and I -- President Putin and I would have a great relationship, and that would be great for both countries. And it would take a lot of the danger out because we're really -- you know, this is a dangerous time. This isn't small stuff. This is a very dangerous time.And having a great relationship, or even a good relationship, with the President of Russia -- Hillary tried it, and she failed. Nobody mentions that. They act like, you know -- it's so terrible. She did that reset button; it was a joke. But she tried and she failed.Obama tried and he failed. Couldn't have it, because he didn't have chemistry. They didn't have the right chemistry. And you know what? I understand that, because there are some people I don't have chemistry with. Let's see, some of you are right here. (Laughter.) There are some people I don't -- you know, sometimes if you don't have chemistry with somebody, you don't.But Obama did not have the right chemistry with Putin. And Hillary was way over her head.You know, the intellectual property -- you're talking about $300 billion a year. It's tremendous. We talked about it. But I said, we're friends, but this is a different administration than you've had for the last 30 years. For the last 30 years, China -- and, in all fairness, and other countries.Look, we have a $71 billion trade deficit with Mexico. We have a $70 billion trade deficit with Japan. We have a $30 billion trade deficit with South Korea. I could go through a whole list. There are few countries we have a surplus with, and those countries it's like a two-dollar surplus. It's disgraceful.And I don't blame any of those countries. I blame the people that we had representing us who didn't know what they were doing. Because they should have never let it happen.Well, I didn't make the decision. That was made by a man who's actually a very respected person -- a very, very respected person.I did make a comment in the past as to what I think. I do feel that you should have as many news outlets as you can, especially since so many of them are fake. This way, at least you can get your word out. But I do believe you should have as many news outlets as you can.Now, with that being said, I didn't make a statement on it, but I made that statement long before at the very early part. So we'll see how that -- it will probably end up being maybe litigation, maybe not. We'll see how it all plays out.About what?I mentioned it very briefly. Honestly, it wasn't number one on my list. Number one on my list with him was North Korea and trade. Those are the two I really spoke. I mentioned it, you know, briefly, but we'll talk. I'm going to have plenty of time to talk. He'll come here next time.This all started in Florida, and it's a great feeling to have that kind of a relationship where you can really help your country. Because we can really help our country, and he can really help his country.But we're going to be very tough on trade. This is not going to be like it was in the past. I did tell him that. This is not going to be the old days. This is a whole different thing going on.And, you know, it's not acceptable what's been happening with trade, generally. China, yes -- but generally. And I can think of almost no examples where it's good. It's all bad. We had the worst negotiators, whether it's the Iran deal or any other thing. We had the worst -- our trade deals are so bad. Last year, we lost $800 billion, right? Yeah. $800 [billion], approximately. Check it. But approximately $800 billion on trade. Why?I have a great team. Bob Lighthizer. Bob Lighthizer is -- he's going to town. And he works with me. He works with me. But Bob is going to town.So I hope you're all enjoying yourselves. Tonight we're going to Hanoi.I think the APEC was just -- good, very collegial.No, but I told them we're going to have much tougher trade policies now, because, you know, they have barriers. We don't. I'm not only talking about tariffs. They have non-tariff barriers, and we don't. I said, you got to remove them.Good to be with you. Good to be with you.We'll talk to you --I'll see you in Hanoi. Are you all going up?President Xi, I want to thank you for an incredible welcoming ceremony earlier this morning. It was a truly memorable and impressive, and something I will never forget.Melania and I are honored to visit your country, with its ancient history, dynamic people, and thriving culture. I also want to thank you and Madam Peng for a tour that was given to us yesterday of the very majestic Forbidden City. Your people are proud of who they are and what they have built together, and your people are also very proud of you.I want to congratulate you on the recent and very successful 19th Party Congress. Perhaps now more than ever, we have an opportunity to strengthen the relationship between our two countries and improve the lives of our citizens, as long as we stand together -- with others, if necessary -- against those who threaten our civilization. That threat will never happen. It doesn't even have a chance.As I said in my address yesterday in Seoul, the entire civilized world must unite to confront the North Korean menace. And the entire world is watching us right now.Today, President Xi -- we discussed our mutual commitment to the complete denuclearization of North Korea. We agreed not to replicate failed approaches of the past -- and there were many. We agreed on the need to fully implement all U.N. Security Council resolutions on North Korea and to increase economic pressure until North Korea abandons its reckless and dangerous path.All responsible nations must join together to stop arming and financing -- and even trading with -- the murderous North Korean regime. Together, we have in our power to finally liberate this region and the world from this very serious nuclear menace. But it will require collective action, collective strength, and collective devotion to winning the peace.In order to create a more secure future for all and to protect our citizens from extremism and terrorism, President Xi and I also committed to working toward a peaceful future for Afghanistan. Terrorists are a threat to all of humanity, and we will stop radical Islamic terrorism.The United States and China also face many challenges within our borders. Every year, drug trafficking destroys millions and millions of lives. Today, President Xi and I discussed ways we can enhance coordination to better counter the deadly drug trade and to stop the lethal flow of poisonous drugs into our countries and into our communities. A special emphasis will be placed on the new phenomena: fentanyl -- destroying lives by the millions. We're going to be focusing on it very strongly, the President and myself.In addition to improving the safety and security of our citizens, President Xi and I discussed improving our economic relationship. We want a vibrant trade relationship with China. We also want a fair and reciprocal one. Today, I discussed with President Xi the chronic imbalance in our relationship as it pertains to trade, and the concrete steps that we'll jointly take to solve the problem of the massive trade distortion.This includes addressing China's market access restrictions and technology transfer requirements, which prevent American companies from being able to fairly compete within China. The United States is committed to protecting the intellectual property of our companies and providing a level playing field for our workers.At the same time, our relationship with you and China is a very important one to me and to all of the people of our country. And just by looking at the tremendous, incredible, job-producing agreements just signed by those major companies, we're off to a very, very good start.As part of our commitment to regional stability and peace, the United States also continues to advocate for reforms that advance economic freedom, individual rights, and the rule of law.The United States, working with China and other regional partners, has an incredible opportunity to advance the cause of peace, security, and prosperity all across the world. It's a very special time, and we do indeed have that very, very special opportunity. A great responsibility has been placed on our shoulders, President -- it's truly a great responsibility -- and I hope we can rise to the occasion and help our countries and our citizens reach their highest destinies and their fullest potentials.I want to thank you again -- you're a very special man -- for your gracious hospitality. I send my warmest regards to your citizens. I honor their heritage and celebrate their great, great possibilities and potential for the future.In the coming months and years, I look forward to building an even stronger relationship between our two countries -- China and the United States of America -- and even closer friendships and relationships between the people of our countries.Mr. President, thank you very much. Thank you. [Applause]Thank you very much, President Moon. Thank you for honoring us with the invitation to be here today and for the incredibly warm welcome and magnificent ceremony you have given us during our first trip to the very beautiful city of Seoul. Thank you very much.Melania and I had a wonderful time having tea with you and First Lady Kim -- thank you -- at the beautiful Blue House, which I've heard so much about, and I'll get to visit and see firsthand. We're looking forward to joining you for dinner this evening, and we have much to discuss.Today, the President and I had an opportunity to talk about a range of vital economic and security matters, including our trade relationship and our joint efforts to solve North Korea's grave nuclear threat to South Korea and, indeed, the entire world. This is a worldwide problem.The Republic of Korea is more than a longstanding ally of the United States. We are partners and friends who have fought side-by-side in a war, and, really, worked very hard and prospered toward a great and lasting peace.I feel confident that we'll be able to reach a free, fair, and reciprocal trade deal as we renegotiate our current five-year-old trade document. We cannot allow North Korea to threaten all that we have built -- and we have built it very much together, and we're very, very proud of it, also, together -- but all that we've built in the decade since our soldiers sacrificed side-by-side in the struggle for freedom.Our alliance is more important than ever to peace and security on the Korean Peninsula and across the Indo-Pacific region.That is why Vice President Pence, Secretary of State Tillerson, who is with us today, and Secretary of Defense Mattis, who was here just a short time ago, have all traveled to Seoul in the first year of my administration. It was very important to me that they did.North Korea's sixth test of a nuclear device and its missile launches are a threat not only to the people of South Korea but to the people all across our globe. We will together confront North Korea's actions and prevent the North Korean dictator from threatening millions of innocent lives. He is indeed threatening millions and millions of lives so needlessly.North Korea is a worldwide threat that requires worldwide action. We call on every responsible nation, including China and Russia, to demand that the North Korean regime end its nuclear weapons and its missile programs, and live in peace. As the South Korean people know so well, it's time to act with urgency and with great determination.All nations must implement U.N. Security Council regulations and cease trade and business entirely with North Korea. It is unacceptable that nations would help to arm and finance this increasingly dangerous regime.As we work together to resolve this problem using all available tools short of military action, the United States stands prepared to defend itself and its allies using the full range of our unmatched military capabilities if need be.The crucial U.S. security partnership with South Korea is just one aspect of our enduring alliance. We also share deep partnerships on a range of issues, from cultural exchange to cutting-edge advances in science and medicine, and the very important issue of trade.Currently, we are looking at ways of improving our economic relationship. I would like to thank President Moon for instructing his trade negotiators to work closely with us to quickly pursue a much better deal -- a deal that, frankly, has been quite unsuccessful and not very good for the United States.In the more than six decades since we signed our mutual defense treaty, our alliance has grown stronger and deeper. Our two nations symbolize what independent countries can accomplish when they serve the interests of their people, respect the sovereignty of their neighbors, and uphold the rule of law.Imagine the amazing possibilities for a Korean Peninsula liberated from the threat of nuclear weapons, where all Koreans could enjoy the blessings of liberty and the prosperity that you have achieved right here in South Korea.I also want to congratulate President Moon and the South Korean people on hosting the Winter Olympics this upcoming February. It will be a truly spectacular event.Mr. President, I want to thank you and First Lady Kim. And, I mean, it was just so special today. The ceremony was so beautiful. We very much thank you for it.Together, our two nations will handle threats to peace and security, stand up to those who would threaten our freedom, and boldly seize the incredible opportunities for a better, brighter, and more prosperous tomorrow.In good times and bad, in moments of great hardship and great success, our two nations can always count on the close bonds and deep friendship we share as free, proud, and independent people.Mr. President, I look forward to the rest of our visit together, and I send the wonderful citizens of South Korea the best wishes from the people of the United States of America. Thank you very much. Thank you. [Applause]Which one? [Laughter]Well, I think you know me well enough to know that I don't like talking about whether I see success or not in a case such as this. We like to play our cards a little bit close to the vest.I will say this -- that I believe it makes sense for North Korea to do the right thing, not only for North Korea, but for humanity all over the world. So there is a lot of reason, a lot of good reason behind it.With that, yes, I think we're making a lot of progress. I think we're showing great strength. I think they understand we have unparalleled strength. There has never been strength like it.You know we sent three of the largest aircraft carriers in the world, and they're right now positioned. We have a nuclear submarine also positioned. We have many things happening that we hope, we hope -- in fact, I'll go a step further, we hope to God we never have to use.With that being said, I really believe that it makes sense for North Korea to come to the table and to make a deal that's good for the people of North Korea and the people of the world. I do see certain movement, yes. But let's see what happens.I don't want to say that.I just don't want to say that. You can understand that.Margaret, if I may add to that, that the President and I have agreed they'll be buying a tremendous -- which they want, and which they need, and everybody thinks it makes a lot of sense.We make the greatest military equipment in the world, whether it's planes, whether it's missiles. No matter what it is, we have the greatest military equipment in the world. And South Korea will be ordering billions of dollars of that equipment, which, frankly, for them makes a lot of sense. And for us, it means jobs; it means reducing our trade deficit with South Korea.But they'll be ordering billions of dollars' worth of equipment, and we've already approved some of those orders. Okay? Thank you.[Via Interpreter] want to just say that President Xi -- where we will be tomorrow, China -- has been very helpful. We'll find out how helpful soon. But he really has been very, very helpful. So China is out trying very hard to solve the problem with North Korea.[Via Interpreter] We hope that Russia, likewise, will be helpful. We also hope that other countries -- and we know for a fact that other countries have already started. And we've had great dialogue with many other countries, as you know, and they're really helping a lot.So if we get China, if we get Russia -- and we have some other countries, but we want to get most of them -- we think that things will happen, and they could happen very quickly.This is a problem, by the way, that should have been done over the last 25 years, not now. This is not the right time to be doing it, but that's what I got. That's what I got. This is a problem that should have been taken care of a long time ago.Thank you.Trying to what?Well, you're bringing up a situation that probably shouldn't be discussed too much right now. We could let a little time go by, but it's okay. If you feel that that's an appropriate question, even though we're in the heart of South Korea, I will certainly answer your question.If you did what you're suggesting, there would have been no difference three days ago, and you might not have had that very brave person who happened to have a gun or a rifle in his truck go out and shoot him, and hit him and neutralize him. And I can only say this: If he didn't have a gone, instead of having 26 dead, you would have had hundreds more dead. So that's the way I feel about it. Not going to help.I mean, you look at the city with the strongest gun laws in our nation, is Chicago, and Chicago is a disaster. It's a total disaster. Just remember, if this man didn't have a gun or rifle, you'd be talking about a much worse situation in the great state of Texas. Thank you.I'll start off with your second. South Korea -- Republic of Korea, Korea -- is very important to me. And there will be no skipping South Korea, I can tell you that right now. Plus, I've developed great friendships, not only with the President but with others, and we're not going to let them down and they're not going to let us down. Because we're doing a lot for them, to be honest. We're doing a lot for them.As far as the base is concerned, I thought that Humphreys was an incredible military installation. I know what it costs, and it's a lot of money. We actually spent some of that money, and, as you know, that money was spent, for the most part, to protect South Korea, not to protect the United States. But some of that money was spent by us.That being said, that was long before my time, and I'm sure I could have built it for a lot less. [Laughter] That's what I do. Thank you.Thank you. Thank you very much. Well, thank you very much, Shinzo. And this has been a truly enjoyable trip and one where we're accomplishing a lot.And I agree with you that our relationship is extraordinary. And I agree with you also that there has never been such a close relationship between the leaders of two countries -- these two countries, Japan and the United States. So it's been great to be with you, and we'll be spending a lot of time with you over the years.Melania and I are deeply grateful for the warm welcome we've received in your remarkable country. And that's what it is -- it is a remarkable country. This is a land of incredible history, culture, tradition, and spirit.First, let me congratulate you on your great success in the recent elections. You won very big and very easily, and I'm not at all surprised. We both share in common, really, a deep loyalty to our citizens and a deep faith in the destiny of our people and also our people and our countries working together.I also want to take a moment to continue sending our thoughts, prayers, and deepest condolences to the victims of the horrific assault on a church in a beautiful area -- so sad -- Sutherland Springs, Texas. Such a beautiful, wonderful area with incredible people. Who would ever think a thing like this could happen?So I want to send my condolences, the condolences of our First Lady. In tragic times, Americans always pull together. We are always strongest when we are unified. To the wounded and the families of the victims, all of America is praying for you, supporting you, and grieving alongside of you.Prime Minister, I want to thank you and the people of Japan for your friendship. We have so many great things that we can accomplish together, and we are in the process of accomplishing those things.It was a thrill for my daughter, Ivanka, to be able to participate in the World Assembly for Women and promote women entrepreneurship. Side-by-side, our two nations are advancing polices to empower women and harness the full potential of our great economies.You were the first foreign leader to visit me shortly after my election, and now it is my pleasure to join you in your homeland to further strengthen the historic ties between our two great nations.As you know, this is my first visit to the Indo-Pacific region as President -- been here before -- but as President, this has been my first and it is my first. And I am thrilled that my first stop was with you, great friend.We're going to other countries where I have also developed some great friendships, and we're going to work to straighten a lot of things out, including trade, including military problems. We have a lot of things to work on. But this is a real honor to be with you, Shinzo.Japan is a very special place. The Japanese people are thriving, your cities are vibrant, and you've built one of the world's most powerful economies. I don't know if it's as good as ours. I think not. Okay? And we're going to try and keep it that way, but you'll be second.And yet, for all of its modern splendor, the people of Japan maintain a profound respect for their rich culture, heritage, and traditions. Honoring the past, even as you blaze new trails into the future -- very, very strongly looking into the future -- is Japan.You demonstrate every day that the respect for history and heritage is the true foundation for progress. Our nations share an enduring bond. America and Japan face many challenges, many opportunities. There are many things we face, but we will be facing them together, in friendship and as allies.Most importantly, we're working to counter the dangerous aggressions of the regime in North Korea. The regime-continued development of its unlawful weapons programs, including its illegal nuclear test and outrageous launches of ballistic missiles directly over Japanese territory, are a threat to the civilized world and international peace and stability.We will not stand for that. The era of strategic patience is over. Some people said that my rhetoric is very strong, but look what's happened with very weak rhetoric over the last 25 years. Look where we are right now.Prime Minister Abe has also shared with me the tragic stories of Japanese young people who North Korea has abducted over the years. Together, we met with the parents of Megumi Yokota who was abducted as a young girl in 1977. No child should ever be subjected to such cruelty. No parent should ever have to endure 40 years of heartbreak.We also had a young wonderful man in our country, Otto Warmbier. We all know the story of Otto; it's a horrible story, a sad story. And we can't let that happen. Cannot let that happen.The United States of America stands in solidarity with the people of Japan against the North Korean menace. History has proven over and over that strong and free nations will always prevail over tyrants who oppress their people.Our powerful and enduring U.S.-Japan alliance includes more than 50,000 members of the United States military stationed right here in Japan. In addition to that, we have 33,000 stationed in South Korea.American and Japanese military personnel train together, work together, and will stand together to defend the security and sovereignty of both of our countries.I want to thank the entire Japanese people for acting as such gracious hosts and strong partners for our men and women in the armed forces.America is also committed to improving our economic relationship with Japan. As President of the United States, I am committed to achieving a fair, free, and reciprocal trading relationship.We seek equal and reliable access for American exports to Japan's markets in order to eliminate our chronic trade imbalances and deficits with Japan. We're working on that -- something we've all been working on very hard from the very beginning of our meetings.As we continue to pursue closer economic ties, I believe it will create new and exciting opportunities to achieve greater prosperity in both of our nations and to advance new frontiers in science, medicine, and technology. The United States respects and honors Japan's heritage and admires your deep well of perseverance.I appreciate very much your acknowledging and stating the fact that the United States economy has done so well since our election on November 8th. Close to 200 million jobs.The highest stock market in our history. So many different things are happening for the better, including the cutting of massive amounts of regulation, which is one of the reasons that the market is reacting the way it's reacting.This mutual respect for culture and sovereignty will continue to bring our nations closer and closer together, and open up new avenues of cooperation and success.Mr. Prime Minister, thank you again for inviting me today and for opening the arms of your majestic country to our American delegation, all of whom are right now in this room.I look forward to working side by side with you in friendship. We will have success like rarely seen between two countries -- Japan and the United States of America, two very, very special places.Thank you for having us. Thank you very much.Well, as far as the North Korean people are concerned, Steve, I think that these are great people. They're under a very repressive regime, and I really think that, ultimately -- I can tell you this -- that I hope it all works out.It would be better for everybody. Certainly would be better for North Korea, but it would be better for everybody. So we hope that's going to take place.As far as your second question, which is really the first part of your question, I think that mental health is your problem here. This was a very -- based on preliminary reports -- very deranged individual. A lot of problems over a long period of time. We have a lot of mental health problems in our country, as do other countries.But this isn't a guns situation. I mean, we could go into it, but it's a little bit soon to go into it. But, fortunately, somebody else had a gun that was shooting in the opposite direction, otherwise it would have been -- as bad it was, it would have been much worse.But this is a mental health problem at the highest level. It's a very, very sad event. These are great people, and a very, very sad event. But that's the way I view it. Thank you.Well, I think it's very sad. I look at what's happened, and it's a very, very sad thing. Who has ever heard of anything like this? Abducted by a hostile country for purposes of language, for purposes of -- could be any number of another reasons. We'll see what happens in terms of the ultimate conclusion.But I did put it in my speech at the United Nations, and many people in Japan were really thrilled that I did because a lot of people thought that the folks we're talking about were forgotten about.Like I say, the "forgotten people"" -- where they wereSo we'll work together and see if we can do something. Now the spotlight is on and perhaps we can have some very good luck, and perhaps the regime itself would send them back.I think it would be a tremendous signal if Kim Jong-un would send them back. If he would send them back, that would be the start of something -- I think, would be just something very special if they would do that.But I spoke with people who were devastated, and they've been devastated for many years. They think they're alive, but they don't know. Probably makes it even tougher that way. But we'll see what happens. Thank you.Thank you, Mark. I will say, if I could just take a piece of the Prime Minister's answer -- he will shoot them out of the sky when he completes the purchase of lots of additional military equipment from the United States. He will easily shoot them out of the sky, just like we shot something out of the sky the other day in Saudi Arabia, as you sawAnd that was a very rapidly moving missile shot out of the sky. That was a needle in the sky, and it was hit immediately and exploded without damage.So one of the things, I think, that's very important is that the Prime Minister of Japan is going to be purchasing massive amounts of military equipment, as he should. And we make the best military equipment, by far. He'll be purchasing it from the United States.Whether it's the F-35 fighter, which is the greatest in the world -- total stealth -- or whether it's missiles of many different kinds, it's a lot of jobs for us and a lot of safety for Japan and other countries that are likewise purchasing a lot of military equipment from us that, frankly, a year ago and two years ago were not.As far as China is concerned, my relationship, as you know, with President Xi is also excellent. I like him a lot. I consider him a friend. He considers me a friend. With that being said, he represents China; I represent the United States. His views are different on things, but they're pretty similar on trade.The problem we have with China is that for decades they've been -- you know, it's been a very unfair -- let me be very kind to previous administrations -- it's been a very unfair trade situation.Our trade deficit is massive. It's hundreds of billions of dollars a year, anywhere from $350 billion to $504 billion, and that doesn't include intellectual property.And we've already started discussions with China because it has to come down. It has to come down. And that has to do with, really, free trade, fair trade, or reciprocal trade.And frankly, I like reciprocal the best of the group. Because when you explain to somebody that you're going to charge tariffs in order to equalize, or you're going to do other things -- some people that don't get it, they don't like to hear that.But when you say it's going to be reciprocal -- that we're going to charge the same as they're charging us -- the people that don't want a 5 percent or a 10 percent tariff say, oh, reciprocal is fair -- and that could be 100 percent. So it's much more, Mark, understandable when you talk about reciprocal.And reciprocal trade is very important to me. We have many countries, not just China or Japan, or so many others that we see. I mean, we have one country that charges us 100 percent tax if we sell things into that country, and yet when they sell the same product into our country, we charge them nothing.Now, I've been against that for a long time, and you will be seeing, we do things about it. Now, it also takes a period of time to do that, because, as you know, you have statutory limitations in time. You have to put out notices.You have to wait 90 days before you can put out the next, and then you have to wait another 120 days, and then a 30-day. Now, much of this has already been caught and caught up. Some of it was unnecessary, statutorily.But you will be seeing things of countries that have been treating the United States and the United States worker and companies -- because I view the companies not as a company, I view it as an extension of the worker -- but that have been treating our companies, our country, and our workers very unfairly.You will be seeing that the United States will take very, very strong action. It's already started, but most of the legal foundation has now been done. And you're going to see a very big difference, and it's going to happen very soon. Because the United States, by many countries, has been treated very, very unfairly when it comes to trade.Thank you very much.I think we're going to have a great 10, really 12 days, I guess. We're going to be a little bit longer. I think we'll be, hopefully in a very positive way, very historic. One of the things we're going to be discussing very big is-- have you ever met this young lady? No? She's doing a great jo.b [Gestures to Sarah Huckabee-Sanders]One of the things we're going to be very focused on is trade, because trade has not been done well for 25 years by the United States, with this part of the world or with any part of the world, so we'll be discussing reciprocal trade, reciprocal trade, fair trade, but reciprocal. And I have very good relationships with Prime Minister Abe and Moon and Xi. We have very good relationships.No, I just wanted to come back and say hello.Well, obviously that will be a big subject for the three, first three in particular. So what we're doing is, when we go to the Philippines, we'll really be second day is a very big day, and they asked whether or not I'd stay and I decided to stay. You know, we were going back to Hawaii, and now what we'll do is we'll stay and we'll go direct, we'll go direct.I think it's expected we'll meet with Putin, yeah. We want Putin's help on North Korea, and we'll be meeting with a lot of different leaders.Well, we want to get it solved. It's a big problem for our country and for the world, and we want to get it solved. And there's been 25 years of total weakness, and so we're taking a very much different approach.We'll soon find out. Good luck! [Conversation goes off the record]I want to -- Aramco is going public. It will be perhaps the biggest going public ever. It's the Saudi Arabian oil company and it will be just about the biggest ever. And I want them to consider, because right now they're not looking at it, because of litigation, risk and other risk, which is very sad, they're not looking at it.But I want them to strongly consider the New York Stock Exchange or NASDAQ, or frankly anybody else located in this country, but those are the big two. So either NASDAQ or the New York Stock Exchange. I just spoke to the King a little while ago, and they will consider it.Oh it's very important, because we want to have all the big listings. I know they're looking at London, I know they're looking at others, they're probably looking at themselves, they have a much smaller stock market. So I would like them to consider the New York Stock Exchange or NASDAQ.We're going to make that decision very soon.[Addresses the question off the record]Excuse me, so am I. Highest stock market in history, lowest unemployment in 17 years, a military that's rapidly rebuilding, ISIS is virtually defeated in the Middle East. We are coming off some of the strongest numbers we've ever had, and he knows that and he respects that and he's a friend of mine. We're friends.Now, with that being said, he represents China, I represent the United States. But we're going in with tremendous strength. We're going in with a stock market that's higher than ever before. We literally Friday closed at the highest point in the history of the stock market.You look at the unemployment numbers—we picked up 5.5 trillion dollars since my election in market value. These are tremendous numbers. Whether it's China or anybody else, these are massive numbers.Well I think he's viewing us very, very strong, and also very friendly. But we have to do better with trade with China, because it's a one-way street right now and it has been for many years. And we will. But the reason our stock market is so successful is because of me. I've always been great with money, I've always been great with jobs, that's what I doAnd I've done it well, I've done it really well, much better than people understand and they understand I've done well. But we have a tremendous amount of strength because of what's happened. You know, think of it -- $5.5 trillion worth of value. But also, look at ISIS. Look at our military budget that we just had approved.We're at $700 billion, and by the way, going up. We make the best military equipment in the world. A shot was just taken by Iran, at my opinion, at Saudi Arabia. You know about that, right? You saw the missile that went out? And our system knocked the missile out of the air. That's how good we are. Nobody makes what we make, and now we're selling it all over the world.One of the reasons our markets are so high and our defense companies are doing so well is I am demanding our allies and people we are working with that they buy our equipment. Now, there's two advantages to that. Number one, we make by far the best equipment, but, number two, they're buying from us. So I think we're going in with tremendous strength.I mean, I don't think -- I mean, there's a question that you asked, and I understand the question. But when you think on Friday we hit the highest point in the history of our stock market when we picked up from November 8, which can you believe it is almost exactly one year? We going to be at China together? We'll have to celebrate together. November 8.I hope we'll all celebrate together, but — in fact I was going to have a big celebration party, and then I said, 'Well...' We'll celebrate together. But, um, what you think of $5.5 trillion, when you think what we've done to ISIS. Now, ISIS—the remnants—they go into Africa and other places and we're meeting them before they get there.So they've never seen anything like it. We have been more successful with ISIS than in eight years of the previous administration. So, anyway, I was just coming back to say hello. Go and have a good time. We'll see you a lot.I think they're great people. They're industrious. They're warm, much warmer than the world really knows or understands. They're great people. And I hope it all works out for everybody. It will be a wonderful thing if we can work out for those great people, and for everybody.I'll comment after we come back. I don't need headlines. I don't want to make their move successful.It is grueling, they tell me. But fortunately, historically that has not been a problem for me. I mean one thing you people will say — that has not been a problem. We had a choice. I could have done it -- I could have done a five, and a four. Or I could have done two fives. Or I could have done one 12.The one 12 was by far the best, most comprehensive and the best timing, because you have the two big conventions and conferences, right? [Inaudible] I mean, one very big thing is the fact that we're going to the Philippines.Because if you remember the previous administration, that was a great embarrassment [Inaudible]. When they wouldn't land, it was a very bad thing. Our relationships are very good with the Philippines. So I had a choice of a 5-4 5-5, or one 12.I'll let you know if I don't stay fresh. If I don't stay fresh, you'll be the first to tell me. I'll stay fresh.I look forward to seeing him. I look very much forward to seeing him.I'm playing with a great golfer. Hideki Matsuyama. He's one of the greatest players, currently he's already, at a very young age, I think he's 23, he's probably—he is the greatest player in the history of Japan. Possibly their greatest celebrity. He's a true player. I think he won five tournaments over the last year and a half. He's a truly greaet player, a great athlete. Long ball hitter.I hit the ball pretty long. I promise you one thing, I won't be hitting it there. If I come back and say I was longer than him, don't believe it. No, but he's a great celebrity, a great athlete, he's really got a lot things going, including the it-factor.And so when I played with Prime Minister Abe, he loves golf. And we played in Palm Beach, and we played with Ernie Els. And so he is reciprocal. It's going to be a lot of fun. So have a good time. We all have a long trip together. Are all of you staying for the entire 12 days? We'll do well together.I think we're going to have a great success. I mean, look, I've had a very successful presidency. You look at the numbers, you look at what's happening, you look at jobs. Did I hear a new jobs number came out? A million and a half jobs? A million and a half jobs since Nov. 8 have been created.So this is a continuation of that. Our big focus is going to be obviously on North Korea. But a very, very big focus is going to be on fair trade. And that's very important to me.Well, we're about to begin a long trip, I know some of you are coming with us. We look forward to it. We're actually staying an extra day in the Philippines. We have a big conference, a second conference, and I think we're going to have great success.We'll be talking about trade, we'll be talking about, obviously, North Korea. We'll be enlisting the help of a lot of people, and countries. We'll see what happens, but I think we're gonna have a very successful trip. There's a lot of goodwill.I don't remember much about that meeting. It was a very unimportant meeting. It took place a long time... I don't remember much about it.All I can tell you is this: there was no collusion. There was no nothing. It's a disgrace, frankly, that they continue. You ought to look at Hillary Clinton and you ought to look at the new book that was just put out by Donna Brazile, where she basically bought the DNC, and she stole the election from Bernie. So that's what you ought to take a look at.What we're doing is every time we're attacked, from this point forward, and it took place yesterday, we are hitting them ten times harder. So when we have an animal do an attack like he did the other day on the west side of Manhattan, we are hitting them ten times harder.They claimed him as a soldier. Good luck. Every time they hit us, we know it's ISIS, we hit them, like you folks, won't believe. Thank you. I will see you... I will see you in Pearl Harbor. We're going to Pearl Harbor.I don't know. I'm really not involved with the Justice Department. I'd like to let it run itself, but honestly they should be looking at the Democrats.They should be looking at Podesta and all of that dishonesty. They should be looking at a lot of things, and a lot of people have disappointed in the Justice Department, including me. Thank you everybody. Thank you.Well, I think it's very sad what they've done with this fake dossier. It was made up, and I understand they paid a tremendous amount of money, and Hillary Clinton always denied it.The Democrats always denied it. And now only because it's going to come out in a court case, they said, yes, they did it. They admitted it, and they're embarrassed by it.But I think it's a disgrace. It's just really -- it's a very sad -- it's a very sad commentary on politics in this country.I don't think so. I think it's fine the way it is. We have actually great unity in the Republican Party. Yesterday, I was --That's okay. Look, you know they have to do their thing. We have great unity. If you look at what happened yesterday at the meeting, we had, I guess, virtually every senator, including John McCain. We had a great conversation yesterday -- John McCain and myself -- about the military.I think we had a -- I called it a lovefest. It was almost a lovefest. Maybe it was a lovefest. But we -- standing ovations. There is great unity. If you look at the Democrats with Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton, that's a mess. There's great unity in the Republican Party.Well, I think it's sad. But I think to a large extent, in all due respect, I think the media causes a lot of it. Fake stories are being reported. A lot of bad things are being reported that aren't true, and I think to a certain extent, maybe I can blame the media.But politics is a rough business. There's no question about it. I will say this: I think the Republican Party has a pretty good unity. When I looked at that room yesterday at lunch -- and you know, and you reported on it very well, Kristen. You gave it a very good report. The fact is there was tremendous unity in that room, and we're really unified. We're really unified on what we want to do.We want tax cuts for the middle class. We want tax cuts for businesses to produce jobs. There's great unity. Yes.Look, he was against me from before he ever knew me. He wrote a book about me before I ever met him, before I ever heard his name. His poll numbers in Arizona are so low that he couldn't win, and I don't blame him for leaving. I think he did the right thing for himself.But if you know, long before he ever knew me, during the campaign, even before the campaign -- I mean, he came out with this horrible book, and I said, who is this guy?In fact, I remembered the first time I saw him on television I had not really been -- nobody knew me in terms of politics. But the first time I saw him on television, I said, I assume he's a Democrat. Is he a Democrat? They said he's a Republican. I said, that's impossible.So, look, his poll numbers are terrible. He's done terribly for the great people of Arizona, a state that likes Donald Trump very much as even you will admit. And he would have never won.In fact, even in the primary, he's way down in the primary. So he did the smart thing for himself. This way he can get out somewhat gracefully. But --Well, he's saying that -- he's saying that because he has nothing else to say. But I do think this -- I do think this: I wish him well. I really believe he's going to do the right thing for the country.He's going to vote for tax cuts because we desperately need tax cuts to put our people back to work. We need tax cuts also to be able to compete with other countries.You know what, I hope Bob -- and I really believe that Bob Corker is going to do the right thing also. Yes, go ahead.I can't hear you. I can't -- what? Say it again.Well, Senator Flake did vote with me. I understand it was about 91 or even more than that. So from that standpoint, good.No, I think I'll be boosted in Arizona because he's very unpopular. I think the fact that he did it the way he did it probably -- I mean, I'm very high in Arizona. I love the people; they like me. They like security at the border. You know, all of the things. But I think I'm probably helped greatly in Arizona by what happened with Senator Flake.I don't think they'd do that. I really know that they want tax cuts. They know we need it. We need it for the country, we need it for the people, we need if for the middle class, we need it for jobs. I don't think they'd do that. I really don't.I know them well enough. I don't know Flake very well, but I know Bob Corker. I think they really would do it. I think they feel they have to do it for the country.Say it?I think we're going to get some Democrat votes, yeah. I do believe -- I haven't started the process, but I believe that there are certain Democrats that, if they don't vote for these massive tax cuts for business, for jobs, and for the middle class, they will lose their races in '18.Well, I think the press makes me more uncivil than I am. You know, people don't understand -- I went to an Ivy League college, I was a nice student, I did very well, I'm a very intelligent person. The fact is, I think -- I really believe -- I think the press creates a different image of Donald Trump than the real person.Well, I think it's always okay -- when somebody says something about you that's false, I think it's always okay to counterpunch or to fight back. John.I wanted to end that quickly. 401(k)s, to me, are very important. And they're important because that's one of the great benefits to the middle class. I didn't want that to go too far. That's why I ended it very quickly.Well, maybe it is, and maybe we'll use it as negotiating. But trust me, that's one of the great things. You know, there are certain elements of deals you don't want to negotiate with. 401(k)s -- and Kevin knows it, and I think Kevin Brady is fantastic, but he knows how important 401(k)s are.Well, I think the uranium sale to Russia and the way it was done, so underhanded, with tremendous amounts of money being passed -- I actually think that's Watergate, modern age.Say it again, please.I can't --Well, we're going to look at it. Now, I have to say, we are decimating ISIS in the Middle East. What's happening is, they'll go to parts of Africa, they'll go to other places. When they get there, we meet them. It's a dangerous business -- I have to say, it's a dangerous business. So what --No, I didn't. Not specifically. But I have generals that are great generals. These are great fighters. These are warriors and --I gave them authority to do what's right so that we win. That's the authority they have. I want to win and we're going to win, and we're beating ISIS very badly. You look at what's happened in the Middle East -- we have done more in eight months than the previous administration has done in many years.Now, what happens is, you decimate them and that's all we've done. We have decimated ISIS in the Middle East. They go to Africa, they go to places. When they get there, we meet them there. That's what goes on. It's a tough business. It's a tough war, but we are winning it. And you know what? We're going to continue winning it.With that being said, my generals and my military, they have decision-making ability. As far as the incident that we're talking about, I've been seeing it just like you've been seeing it. I've been getting reports. They have to meet the enemy and they meet them tough, and that's what happens.I was extremely nice to her. She sounds like a lovely lady. I've never seen her. I've never met her, but she sounds likes a lovely lady. But I was extremely nice to her. I was extremely courteous, as I was to everyone else.You know, it's interesting, you folks have called many people that I spoke to. Everybody has said unbelievable, good thing about me, but you never report that.Did you report it? Did you report it?Thank you.I can only say this: I was really nice to her. I respect her. I respect her family. I certainly respect La David, who -- I, by the way, called La David right from the beginning. Just so you understand, they put a chart in front -- "La David."" It saysSo I called right from the beginning. There's no hesitation. One of the great memories of all time. There was no hesitation. I think she's a fantastic woman. I was extremely nice to her, extremely respectful.I would say, basically, we talked condolence. I mean, it's all about condolence, it's about warmth. In many cases you listen, because in so many cases -- one of the families, they were saying, yes, he was a great football star.And honestly, they pour their heart out, John. It's the hardest calls. They pour their heart out. But I am always -- and look, you people have called many people that I've spoken to, and every one of them has said I couldn't have been nicer.Now, it's a rough time for these people. I mean, how tough is it? There's nothing tougher. But I have such respect for those families. Nobody has more respect than I do -- nobody.We're looking at DACA. We have to get something for it, but we are looking at DACA. And we'll see what happens. I would love to do a DACA deal, but we have to get something very substantial for it, including the wall, including security, including a strong border. We have to be able to stop drugs from pouring into our nation.The tax plan is going to be incredible for this country. It's going to bring back jobs, it's going to cut taxes tremendously. We're going to bring back $4 trillion, I think at least from overseas.That money is going to be put back to work in our country instead of other countries. The tax cut is going to be massive. It's going to keep companies from leaving our country. So important.Not that I know of, no.And I have to say, the whole Russian thing is what it's turned out to be. This was the Democrats coming up with an excuse for losing an election. It's an election that's very hard for a Democrat to lose because the Electoral College is set in such a way that it's very hard to lose that election for a Democrat. They lost it. They lost it very badly and very easily.I mean, you look at the votes; it was 306 to what -- 223 or something. They lost it by a lot. They didn't know what to say, so they made up the whole Russia hoax. Now it's turning out that the hoax has turned around. And you look at what's happened with Russia, and you look at the uranium deal, and you look at the fake dossier. So that's all turned around.No, not at all.No. We have a very good relationship. Honestly, when you look at -- when you take a look at what's happened with Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, and the hatred and the division and the animosity -- I'll tell you what, honestly, the Republicans are very, very well united.We're going to have a big meeting on opioids tomorrow. We're going to be doing a very, very important meeting sometime in the very short -- the very near future on opioids, in terms of declaring a national emergency, which gives us power to do things that you can't do right now.Well, they say it began with the Republicans. I think I would know, but I won't say. It'll be determined. It'll be determined.Look, Hillary would have never announced it was them, except for this great court case that's going on where the judge was going to reveal it. So they figured, we'll do it first. They're very embarrassed by it. It's a disgrace. Yes, it might have started with the Republicans early on in the primaries. I think I would know, but let's find out who it is. I'm sure that will come out.I think I would have, if I were to guess, I have one name in mind.It will probably be revealed.Well, I'd rather not say but you'll be surprised.Thank you very much. I just want to make an initial comment that the stock market just hit an all-time record high. It broke, for the first time ever, 23,000. So we're very happy about that. I hope that Greece is going to be doing the same thing very soon. [Laughter]  I think they will.But I'm honored to welcome Prime Minister Tsipras of Greece, and he's a special man who's done a very special job. We're grateful to the Prime Minister and to his entire delegation for visiting us today at the White House.Greece is a cradle of Western civilization -- so true -- of democracy, literature, philosophy, science, and so much else. America looks on that glorious heritage with wonder and with awe. You do indeed have a tremendous heritage, Mr. Prime Minister.Perhaps for this reason, America's friendship with the Greek people has been long and enduring. Thomas Jefferson wrote at the dawn of the modern Greek state that "no people sympathize more"" with Greek patriots and ""none offer more sincere and ardent prayers to heaven for their success"" than the American people."Jefferson's words are true to this day. Mr. Prime Minister, I'm proud to report that this past March, we celebrated Greek Independence Day right here at the White House. And that was great.America and Greece draw on this common history and heritage and on our peoples' abiding commitment to freedom and sovereignty in working together on great challenges and opportunities now before us. There are tremendous opportunities before us in so many different ways.The Prime Minister and I have just concluded a very productive discussion on the cooperation between our two countries, including on matters of defense, energy, commerce, and trade.I want to thank the Prime Minister and the Greek people for serving as gracious hosts to our U.S. naval forces at Souda Bay. I also commend Greece for being one of the few NATO countries currently spending at least 2 percent of GDP on defense.My administration has also informed Congress of a potential sale to Greece to upgrade its F-16 aircraft. This agreement to strengthen the Hellenic Air Force is worth up to $2.4 billion and would generate thousands of American jobs.We also are making great strides in our economic cooperation. The American people stand with the Greek people as they recover from the economic crisis that recently afflicted their nation. I have encouraged the Prime Minister in his continued implementation of reform and reform programs, and I have totally reaffirmed our support for a responsible debt-relief plan.A strong and flourishing Greece provides immense opportunity for American trade, investment, and job creation. I thank the Prime Minister, his predecessors, and the Greek people for their efforts to return stability and prosperity to Greece.On energy, we appreciate Greek contributions to European energy security through its support of the Trans Adriatic Pipeline, the Greece-Bulgaria Interconnector, and liquefied natural gas facilities that are capable of transporting diverse sources of energy to Europe, including potential liquefied natural gas exports from the United States, of which that particular route -- and business is getting bigger and bigger and bigger, as you know.These initiatives make both our people safer and create good jobs for our hardworking citizens.Finally, I am also very proud that the United States will be the "Honored Country"" at next year's International Fair in Greece. This historic business and trade exhibition will showcase American technologyMr. Prime Minister, thank you again for being here today and for your partnership in addressing critical issues facing our countries. I look forward to having many productive discussions with you, and to having a very close and warm cooperation on a wide range of shared objectives.We will build upon our foundation of shared history and shared values to pursue a future of security, prosperity, and peace for both your nation and ours. Mr. Prime Minister, thank you very much.We'll take a few questions. John, go ahead, please.Thank you.It's a nice place.Well, if you look at insurance companies and you take a good, strong look at the numbers, you'll see, since the formation of Obamacare, they're up 400 percent, 450 percent, 250 percent, 300 percent. They've made a fortune, the insurance companies.So when I knocked out the hundreds of millions of dollars a month being paid back to the insurance companies by politicians, I must tell you, that wanted me to continue to pay this, I said I'm not going to do it. This is money that goes to the insurance companies to line their pockets, to raise up their stock prices. And they've had a record run. They've had an incredible run, and it's not appropriate.Obamacare is a disaster. It's virtually dead. As far as I'm concerned, it really is dead and I predicted that a long time ago. It's a concept that doesn't work. And we are very close.We feel we have the votes, and as soon as we're finished with taxes, John -- we really feel we have the votes to get block grants into the states, where the states can much better manage this money and much better take care of the people, rather than the federal government. The state block grants -- we'll do massive block grants into the various states so that the states can run the program.So we feel we have the votes. We're going to be doing that after the taxes. In the meantime, we're involved with a budget and then after the budget -- hopefully that gets approved -- and after the budget, assuming we have the support of all the Republicans -- because we'll have no support from the Democrats or almost no support, because they've really become just obstructionists.They have no good policies, and frankly, they're not good politicians but they're very good obstructionists. And that's what they do well -- obstruct.The number of nominees that I have approved by the Democrats are about half of what President Obama had. And when you look at that -- and you can look at judicial appointments, look how slow that's going. I'll have 145 ultimately, which is a tremendous number.We'll have 17 court of appeals appointments. But they're not getting approved. They're being slow-walked by Schumer and the group of Democrats that really -- it's really disgraceful. Even people that they know they're going to approve, they take it right out to the end. They use every single minute, and I think it's a very disgraceful situation.But Obamacare is everything but dead. The people aren't going to take it. They're not going to take it. Alaska, they had over 200 percent increase. In Arizona, they were 116 percent -- and I hear going up even higher. And the people aren't going to take that any longer.So I think we're in great shape. I think we have the votes. And we'll be doing that right after the largest tax cuts in the history of our country are approved, hopefully sometime in the very near future.Yeah, essentially that would be the plan. Yes, block grants.I wish I knew that before my speech. [Laughter]Thank you, Mr. Prime Minister. I might just add that a number of countries were a little bit nervous at the beginning. And I have very good relationships with the leaders of virtually every country I've dealt with. But the reason they were concerned was because I will not allow our country, the United States of America, to be taken advantage of by so many other countries all over the world.If you look at our trade deficits -- massive trade deficits with virtually every country. If you look at our jobs moving out to certain countries, and the companies are leaving and they're firing the people, and the product is made elsewhere, and then it's sold back into the United States. I'm not going to be allowing that.So I can understand how certain countries and the leaders of certain countries may feel. But we're just not going to allow the United States to be taken advantage of by other countries anymore. And there's nothing we can do about that. Thank you. Okay, you have a question.I can say that we have a great confidence in Greece. I think it's a land of tremendous potential. I know many people are looking to invest in Greece. A lot of the problems are behind it. They've had some very good leadership. They've really made done a lot of -- they've made a lot of difficult decisions.We are helping, as you know, with a massive renovation of their air force and also of airplanes, generally, going to Greece.They're looking at buying additional planes from Boeing. And we are helping -- we're very much involved with Greece and with helping Greece get back on its feet. We have a tremendous Greek population in this country, people whose heritage is Greece. And we love that country, special country, one of the most beautiful countries in the world. So I think it's got great potential, and we are helping it along.Okay. Jennifer, you want to go?Sure.I would say within those five you'll probably get the answer. And I'll be making this decision over the next fairly short period of time.Honestly, I like them all.I do. I have a great respect for all of them. But I'll make a decision over the next very short period of time.Sure.Yes, we have been involved. And this is a short-term deal because we think, ultimately, block grants going to the states is going to be the answer. That's a very good solution. We think it's going to not only save money but give people much better healthcare with a very, very much smaller premium spike -- and you look at what has gone on with that -- also, much lower deductibles so they can use it.Lamar has been working very, very hard with the Democratic -- his colleagues on the other side, and Patty Murray is one of them, in particular. And they're coming up and they're fairly close to a short-term solution.The solution will be for about a year or two years, and it will get us over this intermediate hump because we have -- as you probably know, we have -- we either have the votes or we are very close to having the votes. And we will get the votes for having, really, the potential of having great healthcare in our country.So they are indeed working, but it is a short-term solution so that we don't have this very dangerous little period -- including dangerous periods for insurance companies, by the way. For a period of one year, two years, we will have a very good solution. But we're going to have a great solution, ultimately, for healthcare. And they are working together and I know very much what they're doing.Well, I'd just start by saying that I think it has a great role in stability in the area. We have a feeling that it will get stronger and stronger. Very stable people. It's got the potential to be -- once it gets over this tremendous financial hurdle that it's in the process of working out, we think that there will be great stability in Greece, and militarily and in every way we look at it as very important, and very important to the United States.We have great confidence in Greece as a nation. We have great confidence in what they're doing relative to their military, because I know they have plans to do some terrific things. And we know they will be an ally for many, many years to come.You know, they've always been a very reliable ally, and we've always been very reliable to them. So we look forward to that for many years. We're going to be friends for many, many years, and stability is very important. And we look upon that, with respect to Greece, as being a key. Thank you.Well, I want to thank everybody. And the Prime Minister came out here and he said, this is so beautiful. I said, this is the Rose Garden. And I think even the media likes the Rose Garden. [Laughter]  That's hard to believe, but even the media likes it. Mr. Prime Minister, it's been a great honor having you, and we look forward to many, many years of friendship, working together. And keep up the good work. Thank you very much.Thank you very much. I just want to say that we just spent quite a bit of time inside with the Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, who has been a friend of mine for a long time, long before my world of politics, early into his world of politics, I think. But we've been friends for a long time. We are probably now, despite what we read, we're probably now -- I think, at least as far as I'm concerned -- closer than ever before. And the relationship is very good.We're fighting for the same thing. We're fighting for lower taxes, big tax cuts, the biggest tax cuts in the history of our nation. We're fighting for tax reform, as part of that. We are getting close to healthcare.We'll come up in the early- to mid-part of next year. We're going to have a vote; I think we already have the votes. We feel confident we have the votes. We pretty much know what the plan is.I believe Republicans and Democrats are, as we speak, working together very hard, right now -- working together to do an intermediate plan, a short-term plan, because Obamacare is a disaster. The rates have gone up. The premiums have gone up. The deductibles have gone through the roof.I mean, it's terrible. If you look at the deductibles, unless you really have a problem, you're not going to be able to use them.So we have been working together long and hard. We think we're in good shape for the budget, we hope. And we hope to be in good shape with, again, the largest tax cuts ever passed in this country. It's going to spur business.You look at other countries, what they've done -- and we're competing with other countries. When China is at 15 percent, when I hear that Ireland is going to be reducing their cooperate rates down to 8 percent from 12. But you have other countries also reducing. We can't be at 35 percent and think we're going to remain competitive in terms of companies and in terms of jobs.So we worked on that.I was very honored to see a man that I've had a lot of respect for, James Lee Witt, of the Clinton administration -- the head of FEMA. He gave us an A-plus; I just see -- it just came out. And I've always had respect for him. He gave us -- he's the FEMA director of the Clinton administration -- gave us an A-plus for how we responded to the hurricane aftermath -- all of the hurricanes.And that includes Puerto Rico.So I just want to thank Mr. Witt, wherever you may be now, wherever you may be listening. I just want to say, I really much appreciate it. Because that took it out of politics -- out of the world of politics, in that he was with the Clinton administration and I'm sure remains loyal to the Clinton administration.I hope he does.So just to finish off, my relationship with this gentleman is outstanding, has been outstanding. We are working very hard to get the tax cuts. We will continue to work hard to get the healthcare completed. I'm going to be surprising some people with an economic development bill later on, but I haven't even told Mitch because I want to focus on tax cuts and some other things right now.One of the unspoken elements that we discussed at lunch -- and it just is not talked about -- yes, we got a great justice, Justice Gorsuch, into the United States Supreme Court. He is going to be outstanding, hopefully for many, many years. But something that people aren't talking about is how many judges we've had approved, whether it be the court of appeals, circuit judges, whether it be district judges. We have -- tremendous -- right now under review; the Democrats are holding them up beyond anything -- beyond comprehension, they're holding them up.I mean, frankly, they have terrible, terrible policy -- terrible policy -- and perhaps they're not even good politicians, but they are good at obstruction. So I looked at some of these numbers, between the judges -- and I want to say that we will set records in terms of the number of judges.And if you read the Wall Street Journal, I have to give them a little bit of a -- a person, a writer, I won't mention names -- but you can see who has really been a really fair person -- wrote an article or wrote an editorial, in a sense, saying how well we're doing with judges and appointments. I think it's one of the big unsung things of this administration, in addition to the fact that we have had a lot of legislation passed on the VA and lots of other things.But the judge story is an untold story. Nobody wants to talk about it. But when you think about it, Mitch and I were saying, that has consequences 40 years out, depending on the age of the judge, but 40 years out. So numerous have been approved.Many, many are in the pipeline. The level of quality is extraordinary.And I just wanted to say that we're working very closely on that also, and getting really great reviews from those people and, in many cases, some scholars that have been studying it. There has never been anything like what we've been able to do together with judges.So with that, I'd like to have Mitch say a few words, and if you want to do a little question-and-answer, we can do that also.Thank you very much. Thank you.Obviously passing a budget, which enables tax reform and tax reduction comes next, then a supplemental to take adequate care of those who have been harmed by the natural disasters we've been afflicted with lately. And, of course, the Senate's unique role -- it seems to be a lot of people forget -- we're in the personnel business. There are 1,200 of the President's nominations subject to confirmation in the Senate. The House is not in the personnel business.We are.The single-most significant thing this President has done to change America is the appointment of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. But it's not just the Supreme Court. There are a lot of vacancies at both the circuit court and district court level, as the President has indicated, of young, conservative -- and when we say conservative about a judge, what we're talking about here are, the kind of the people the President is appointing to the courts believe that the role of a judge is to try to rule based upon what the law says, not what they hoped the outcome would be.Justice Scalia used to say, if the judge is not occasionally unhappy with the conclusion he reached, he's not a very good judge. Or as Justice Gorsuch put it down in my state a couple of weeks ago, judges don't wear red, they don't wear blue -- they wear black.And those are the kind of people the President is sending up to the Senate to be confirmed. Many of them, as he pointed out, are younger and will be on the bench for a long time, and have a great deal to do with what kind of country we're going to have far into the future.Legislatively, obviously the top priority is tax reduction. And I think what the President and I would both like to say to you today, contrary to what some of you may have reported: We are together totally on this agenda to move America forward.John.Well, I would like to see it be done this year, John. I would like very much to see it be done this year. So we won't go a step further. If we get it done, that's a great achievement.But don't forget it took years for the Reagan administration to get taxes done. I've been here for nine months, a little more than nine months. I can say the same thing for healthcare. If you look at Obama -- first of all, if you look at Clinton, they weren't able to get it done.If you look at other administrations, they weren't able to get it done. President Obama, after a long period of time, was able to finally push it through, but pushed through something that's now failed -- really failing badly. But again, we're meeting -- Democrat, Republican are meeting right now, and right now they're working on something very special.But I have to tell you, I really believe that we have a very good chance, and I think Mitch feels the same way, of getting the taxes done, hopefully fairly long before the end of the year. That's what we'd like to see.Go ahead.And just to finish up for Mitch -- and we're nine months, right? So we could have a long way to go, but that's okay.Yes.Well, let's go to the second part of your question, with Mitch. Again, we've been doing healthcare for, really, seven months, and probably six months, if you think about it, because we started in probably a total of six months. Others were 2.5 years, and much more than that. Others were eight years, and they didn't get it passed.This man is going to get it done, and I think get it done long before anybody else, and I think it's going to be a great healthcare.As far as Tom Marino, so he was a very early supporter of mine -- the great state of Pennsylvania. He's a great guy. I did see the report. We're going to look into the report and we're going to take it very seriously.Because we're going to have a major announcement, probably next week, on the drug crisis and on the opioid massive problem. And I want to get that absolutely right. This country -- and, frankly, the world -- has a drug problem. The world has a drug problem.But we have it, and we're going to do something about it.So I'm going to have a major announcement on that problem next week. We're going to be looking into Tom.Well, I have a very good relationship, as you know, with Steve Bannon. Steve has been a friend of mine for a long time. I like Steve a lot. Steve is doing what Steve thinks is the right thing.Some of the people that he may be looking at, I'm going to see if we talk him out of that, because, frankly, they're great people.What Mitch will tell you is that maybe, with the exception of a few -- and that is a very small few -- I have a fantastic relationship with the people in the Senate, and with the people in Congress. I mean, I have a -- with our House of Representatives. I have a great relationship with political people. If you read the papers, you think -- I'm like on one island and they're like on the other.Well, it's not the way it is.We have a fantastic relationship. I'm friends with most of them, I can say. And I don't think anybody could have much of a higher percentage. But I'm friends with most of them.I like and respect most of them, and I think they like and respect me.Just so you understand, the Republican Party is very, very unified. When we get things approved, we have to go through hell because we have no Democrat support, we have nobody. We don't have a vote from the Democrats. As an example: massive tax cuts -- we may not get any Democrat votes.Now, we also may get three of four, but we may get no -- for massive tax cuts. We're the highest-taxed country in the world, and yet we may get no Democrat support. And that's because they're obstructionists and they just basically want us to do badly, but that's not going to happen.Yes, go ahead.We're going to look at that very closely.Well, he's a good man. I have not spoken to him, but I will speak to him and I'll make that determination. And if I think it's one percent negative to doing what we want to do, I will make a change, yes.One second. Yes.We are going to be doing that next week. By the way, you know that's a big step. By the way, people have no understanding of what you just said. That is a very, very big statement.It's a very important step. And to get to that step, a lot of work has to be done and it's time-consuming work. We're going to be doing in next week, okay?My goal as the leader of the Republican Party in the Senate is to keep us in the majority. The way you do that is not complicated. You have to have nominate people who can actually win, because winners make policy and losers go home. We changed the business model in 2014; we nominated people who could win everywhere.We took the majority in the Senate. We had one skirmish in 2016; we kept the majority in the Senate. So our operating approach will be to support our incumbents and, in open seats, to seek to help nominate people who can actually win in November. That's my approach and that's the way you keep a governing majority.Yes.Exactly right.So the insurance companies have made a fortune with Obamacare -- an absolute fortune. As you know, what I did with the cuts at the end, which were all going -- you know, you're talking about hundreds of millions of dollars a month going right into the pockets of the insurance companies. And I'm very happy with what I did.And because of that, people are talking now. Democrats are talking to the Republicans for a short-term taking care of, what we will call, healthcare so that people can have good healthcare without a big spike. You would have had massive spikes -- you already have. I mean, every year the massive spikes to Obamacare have been ridiculous.As far as -- and I didn't speak to Mitch about this today, but a priority of mine -- and you know that this is coming up -- will be the cost of prescription drugs. We are going to get the costs way down, way down, and those drugs companies -- so you have the insurance companies, in the one case; in the other case -- actually, with regard to both, you have the drug companies.They contribute massive amounts of money to political people -- I don't know, Mitch, maybe even to you. But I have to tell you, they contribute massive amounts of money. Me, I'm not interested in their money. I don't need their money.I will tell you, you have prescription drugs -- you go to England, you go to various places, Canada -- you go to many, many countries, and the same exact pill from the same company, the same box, same everything, is a tiny fraction of what it costs in the United States.We are going to get drug prices -- prescription drug prices way down because the world has taken advantage of us. The world has taken advantage of us when that happens, so that's going to be very important.Yeah.Well, that's what we're looking to do, Joe. We want to get it down so that people can have affordable healthcare. Look, you look at some states -- 116 percent up. In Alaska, over 200 percent up.In other states, 50 percent, 70 percent up, and those are some of the states that are doing better. Obamacare is a wreck, it's a mess, it's destroying lives. We want to get it in those states -- the states that I did so well in -- but also in states that I didn't win.I want to get healthcare that's much more affordable and much better healthcare, and that's what we're doing.Yes.Go ahead -- tax reform.Yeah.So we are doing minor adjustments. We want to make sure that the middle class is the biggest beneficiary of the tax cuts and tax reform. And that's, I'm sure, what Mitch meant also, because people get it confused.We are doing massive tax cuts. We're also doing simplification and reform. Simplification, where, literally, if we can do it on page; now, in some cases, it may be two pages. But we're doing major simplification.We're bringing the categories down from -- if you include zero, because there are zero -- we're bringing it from eight to four. That's a big, big simplification, just that alone.But we are doing the massive cuts. And I will say this: Wherever I've been, this has been so popular with the people. Now we have to get a couple of additional people to raise their hands.Mitch.I've written them personal letters. They've been sent, or they're going out tonight, but they were written during the weekend. I will, at some point during the period of time, call the parents and the families -- because I have done that, traditionally. I felt very, very badly about that.I always feel badly. It's the toughest -- the toughest calls I have to make are the calls where this happens, soldiers are killed. It's a very difficult thing. Now, it gets to a point where, you know, you make four or five of them in one day -- it's a very, very tough day.For me, that's by far the toughest.So, the traditional way -- if you look at President Obama and other Presidents, most of them didn't make calls, a lot of them didn't make calls. I like to call when it's appropriate, when I think I'm able to do it. They have made the ultimate sacrifice.So, generally, I would say that I like to call. I'm going to be calling them. I want a little time to pass. I'm going to be calling them.I have -- as you know, since I've been President, I have.But in addition, I actually wrote letters individually to the soldiers we're talking about, and they're going to be going out either today or tomorrow.Yes.I think Cuba knew about it, sure. I do believe Cuba is responsible. I do believe that. And it's a very unusual attack, as you know, but I do believe Cuba is responsible, yes.Well, I'm going to be meeting with Roy sometime next week, and we're going to talk to him about a lot of different things. But I'll be meeting with him.He ran a very strong race. The people of Alabama, who I like very much and they like me very much, but they like Roy. And we'll be talking to him, and I can report to you then. Okay?Go ahead.My view is that a blue slip on a circuit judge is simply a notification of how you're going to vote. To conclude otherwise would have left us in the following position at the beginning of this Senate. Forty-eight Democratic senators would have been able to blackball 62 percent of the circuit judge nominees. That's simply not a tenable place to land in a Senate that now deals with judges with a simple majority.So my own personal view is that a blue slip on a circuit judge should simply be a notification of how you intend to vote.We could talk blue slips, but my attitude is I just want really capable people going to the courts.Peter.Well, let me just explain what's different. We have nominations pending right now, and we have 182 approved -- if you look at this: the number that he had approved was 65 percent and 70 percent, and we have 39 percent. They're holding up every single nomination.Schumer and the group are holding up every single nomination. They are obstructing. They're doing -- I'm telling you, they're not good politicians, but they're very good at obstruction.They are holding up every single nomination, and I will tell you, Peter, it's not right. It's really not right. They'll bring them right out to the end at last minute. What they're doing is unfair.So you look at even Bush, you look at Obama, you look at Clinton, and you look at Bush original, you have 389 versus 182 -- these are approvals. You look at Clinton, 357 versus 182. You look at President Obama, 364 versus 182. These are nominations approved, and what they're doing to us -- we have unbelievable people, and they're waiting to be approved.They've been waiting for a long period of time.Now, I do believe that Mitch is going to start pushing them very hard, and he can do that, and he wants to do that. He also wants to get the judicial nominations through, and he wants to get them through fast, too.Go ahead, John. Go ahead, John.Well, I hope to have a relationship. If we don't, we don't. I mean, we have races coming up, as you know, in a year from now. I think we're going to probably do very well.I can say this: If we get taxes approved, we're going to do unbelievably well.Many of the senators are running in states that I won by massive amounts -- 20, over 20 percent, sometimes 30 percent; I guess in one or two cases, by over 40 percent over the Democrat.Well, we're going to let you know that. I would like to give you that answer in about seven years from now, is that okay? Meaning, one plus seven.John, I hope to be able to because I like the concept of bipartisan. But right now, they are doing nothing but obstructing. And really, if you think about it, they're against major tax cuts that's going to make our country stronger and more competitive. That's a hard thing to win an election on, and I believe that some Democrats will be voting for us when it comes to the tax cuts.I'm going to be proposing an economic development bill in the not-too-distant future. I want to get tax cuts, obviously, done first; maybe even healthcare. But I think somewhere in between or shortly thereafter I'm going to be developing an economic development bill that will put us so far ahead of other countries you will not even believe it. That will be very important.And a lot of praise.Well, we're very opposite in terms of incentives and incentives for jobs and other things. And if you look at what's happened, we just hit a new high today again in the stock market. We've picked up, Mitch, as of this moment, $5.2 trillion in stock market value. We have the lowest unemployment rate in -- I believe it's almost 17 years.We're doing well.We're going to be doing immigration work that's going to be outstanding, and we're going to have people coming into our country based hopefully on a merit system, not just coming in randomly. But they're going to be coming in based on a merit system where they can help us. Because I have companies moving into this country -- you saw what happened with the automobile industry last week with five major plants. We have companies pouring back into this country for the first time in anybody's memory.We are actually going to be, fairly soon, at a point where we're going to need workers. Our country is going to do so well. But the tax cuts are going to be a major, major part of it.Well, not too many, I must say. It's the opposite side of the spectrum.Peter. Go ahead, Peter.I don't know if he did. No, no, no, I was told that he didn't often. And a lot of Presidents don't; they write letters. I do --Excuse me, Peter. I do a combination of both. Sometimes -- it's a very difficult thing to do, but I do a combination of both. President Obama I think probably did sometimes, and maybe sometimes he didn't.I don't know. That's what I was told. All I can do -- all I can do is ask my generals. Other Presidents did not call.They'd write letters. And some Presidents didn't do anything. But I like the combination of -- I like, when I can, the combination of a call and also a letter.One at a time. Go ahead.Well, I'd like to see it end. Look, the whole Russian thing was an excuse --Excuse me. Excuse me. The whole Russia thing was an excuse for the Democrats losing the election, and it turns out to be just one excuse. I mean, today Hillary blamed Nigel Farage.That one came out of nowhere. So that was just an excuse for the Democrats losing an election that, frankly, they have a big advantage in the Electoral College. They should always be able to win in the Electoral College, but they were unable to do it.So there has been absolutely no collusion. It's been stated that they have no collusion. They ought to get to the end of it because I think the American public is sick of it.Go ahead. Go ahead.Yes.Well, I can't comment on Bowe Bergdahl because he's -- as you know, they're -- I guess he's doing something today, as we know. And he's also -- they're setting up sentencing, so I'm not going to comment on him. But I think people have heard my comments in the past.Go ahead. Go ahead.Well, they should be able to do something. But we need very stronger border security, and we do want the wall.Go ahead.No, they haven't. In fact, I spoke to Governor Brown. We had a great conversation. We have FEMA there.And as you know, James Lee Witt gave us an A-plus, and I think if he didn't include the fires, he would include the fires also. We have FEMA there. We have military there. We have first responders there.It's a tragic situation. But we're working very closely with the representatives from California, and we're doing a good job.Go ahead, back. Yes, go ahead, back.All I can say is it's totally fake news. It's just fake. It's fake. It's made-up stuff, and it's disgraceful what happens.But that's happens in the world of politics.Jon.Our country needs a wall. Mexico, you see what's happening there. You see what just happened yesterday with one of their big political leaders. Mexico is not doing particularly well when it comes to the kind of thing that we have great interest in.Drugs are pouring across our border. We're stopping it, but we need a wall to really stop it. We need a wall in this country. You know it.I know it. Everybody knows it. We have to have a wall, so that's going to be part of it.The Puerto Rico situation is so -- because as you know --Oh, I think -- well, that's according to the Clinton administration's head of FEMA, it's been outstanding.Puerto Rico is very tough because of the fact it's an island. But it's also tough because, as you know, it was in very poor shape before the hurricanes ever hit. Their electrical grid was destroyed before the hurricanes got there. It was in very bad shape, was not working, was in bankruptcy, owed $9 billion.And then on top of that, the hurricane came.Now, you're going to have to build a whole new electrical plant system. We're not talking about generators. We moved -- Puerto Rico now has more generators, I believe, than any place in the world. There are generators all over the place.The fact is, their electrical system was in horrible shape before and even worse shape after.So we are working right now -- as you know, relief funds were just approved and are in the process of being approved by Congress. And that includes Texas, by the way. That includes Florida. And it also includes Puerto Rico, the U.S.Virgin Islands, et cetera. But it was in really bad shape before. We have done -- I will say this, we have done --Well, we've delivered tremendous amounts of water. Then what you have to do is you have to have distribution of the water by the people on the island. So we have massive amounts of water. We have massive amounts of food.But they have to distribute the food, and they have to do this. They have to distribute the food to the people on the island.So what we've done is we now actually having military distributing food -- something that really they shouldn't have to be doing.But if you look at the governor, who is a good man, by the way, but if you look at the governor of Puerto Rico, he himself has said we've done an outstanding job. And most people have said we've done an outstanding job. But Puerto Rico is a very tough one.Yes, go ahead.Well, I'll let Mitch. You want to talk about that, Mitch?Go ahead.Well, I'll be going, as you know, to South Korea, to China, to Japan, to Vietnam for the summit. We have a big economic summit there. I may be going to the Philippines also. We've been invited to the Philippines, so I may be going to the Philippines.And I look forward to all of them. We haven't set the details as of this moment.We'll take a look at that. I didn't hear in terms of provoking, but we will certainly take a look at that.No, not at all.We don't like the fact that they're clashing. We're not taking sides, but we don't like the fact that they're clashing.Let me tell you, we've had for many years a very good relationship with the Kurds, as you know. And we've also been on the side of Iraq, even though we should have never been in there in the first place. We should never have been there. But we're not taking sides in that battle.John.Oh, I hope Hillary runs. Is she going to run? I hope. Hillary, please run again.Go ahead.I think she's wrong. Look, when they take a knee -- there's plenty of time to do knees and there's plenty of time to do lots of other things. But when you take a knee --But when you take a knee -- well, that's why she lost the election. Honestly, it's that thinking -- that is the reason she lost the election.When you go down and take a knee or any other way, you're sitting essentially for our great national anthem, you're disrespecting our flag and you're disrespecting our country. And the NFL should have suspended some of these players for one game. Not fire them -- suspended them for one game. And then if they did it again, it could have been two games and three games and then for the season.You wouldn't have people disrespecting our country right now.And if Hillary Clinton actually made the statement that, in a form, sitting down during the playing of our great national anthem is not disrespectful, then I fully understand why she didn't win. I mean look, there are a lot of reasons that she didn't win, including the fact that she was not good at what she did. But I will tell you that is something that I had just heard about, and I think that her statement in itself is very disrespectful to our country.Thank you very much.It is very disrespectful to our country when they take a knee during our national anthem. It is very --Just hear it. Hear it. It is very disrespectful to our country when they take a knee during the national anthem, number one. Number two, the people of our country are very angry at the NFL.All you have to do is look at their ratings and look at their stadiums. You see empty seats where you never saw them before. A lot of people are very angry at it. It is highly disrespectful.They shouldn't do it.Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.I don't think so.Do you ever rest? Do you people ever rest?Well, if we could make a deal, at least on a temporary basis -- because Obamacare is exploding. It's gone. The premiums are through the roof. You see what's happening. So if we can make a temporary deal -- because ultimately, we're going to have it back to the states.We're going to block grant back to the states. But if we made a temporary dea,l I think would be a great thing for people. But it's really up to them. Obamacare is a disaster. The numbers are out. It's exploding like I said it would.So basically, if we could do a one-year deal or a two-year deal as a temporary measure, you'll have block granting ultimately to the states, which is what the Republicans want, that really is a repeal and replace.Nothing. Nothing to clarify.Well, you'll figure that out pretty soon.Very good relationship. I have a very good... that was fake news. That was fake news by NBC, sorry.I've known Harvey Weinstein for a long time. I'm not at all surprised to see it.John Kelly is one of the best people I've ever worked with. He's doing an incredible job, and he told me for the last two months, he loved it more than anything he's ever done.He's a military man, but he loves doing this -- which is chief of staff -- more than anything he's ever done. He's doing a great job. He will be here, in my opinion, for the entire seven remaining years.No, no. He likes me like Secretary Tillerson. So do I. We have a very good relationship. We disagree in a couple of things. Sometimes I'd like him to be a little bit tougher, but other than that we have a very good relationship.Well, he says they were inappropriate.That's locker room. That's locker room. Yeah, go ahead.Well, we're gonna see what happens. We're gonna see what happens. So now I am going to the really great state, a state that I love, of North Carolina, and I'll see you later Go home and rest. What?You're gonna see very soon.Well, we have a man who is going to be a great senator, and I’m very happy with that. I spoke to him last night. I never met him. I never spoke to him. I’m very happy with him. And I have to say, Luther came a long way from the time I endorsed him, and he ran a good race. But Roy ran a really great race. And I know what they did was -- they used it very much in the campaign, but he works hard. And I’m sure things will work out.I just wanted to say, though, on healthcare, we have the votes for healthcare. We have one senator that's in the hospital. He can't vote because he’s in the hospital. He can't vote because he’s in the hospital. We have two other votes that are coming, and we will have them. But the problem is we can't have them by Friday -- because the reconciliation ends on Friday.So we’ll have to do it in January or February. But I feel we have the votes. I’m almost certain we have the votes. But with one man in the hospital, we cannot display that we have them. Plus, some people want to go through a process just to make themselves feel better, that's okay.We're talking about healthcare. We're talking about --I was looking into it, and I will look into it. And I will tell you, personally, I’m not happy about it. I am not happy.I’m going to look at it. I am not happy about it, and I let him know it.You’ll have to ask senators about that. So you’re going to have to ask senators. So here’s what I’m just saying. We're going right now to Indiana. We're going to introduce a tax plan that's the largest tax cut, essentially, in the history of our country. It’s going to be something special. You already know some of the numbers. We're going to give you some of the additional numbers.But on healthcare, we have the votes. We can't do it now because we have somebody in a hospital -- and we have great respect for that gentleman, by the way. He's a fantastic man.He was a "yesBecause he has to come here and vote. He can't come here and vote.In other words, he can't come here and vote because he's in the hospital.Let me just say -- yes. He's in the hospital. So we're going to do it in January or February because, as you know, we have the votes but we can't go longer than Friday. What we're going to do is we will do the block grants; we will do the healthcare. We will get a longer process going for the couple of people that did want to see more process, even though they're a "yes"" vote."But very importantly, I am also -- during this period of a couple of months, I'm also going to meet with Democrats, and I will see if I can get a healthcare plan that's even better. So I will negotiate with Democrats, but from the Republican standpoint, we have the votes. We'll vote in January, February, or March.I am considering an executive order on associations, and that will take care of a tremendous number of people with regard to healthcare. And I'll probably be signing a very major executive order where people can go out, cross state lines, do lots of things, and buy their own healthcare.And that will be probably signed next week. It's being finished now. It's going to cover a lot of territory and a lot of people -- millions of people. John, go ahead.I think we're there now, John. I'll be honest. You look at the statement put out by Alaska -- right, you saw that -- by Lisa. You look at the other couple of statements. You know, we're only one off, maybe two. But we can't vote now, John -- you probably didn't hear me -- because, as you know, one of our "yes"" votes is in the hospital. I can't take him out of the hospital."I do have confidence in him, yes. I do have confidence in him. But it's not up to me, it's up to the Senate. But I do have confidence, and I will say we used him in the race -- and I was very honored by the way I was treated in the race. But they used him in the race. John, they used him in the race.My plan is for the working people, and my plan is for jobs.No, I don't benefit. I don't benefit.In fact, very, very strongly, as you see, there's no -- I think there's very little benefit for people of wealth.The estate taxes is one of things and that's, if you look at, for farmers and people with small businesses.I don't see it, but we'll talk to you about that at a different time. So here's the point --The point is this: Healthcare -- we have it; we have the votes. Because of reconciliation we have to wait until January, February, or March, which we'll do. But in the meantime, I will negotiate with Democrats to see if we can make a bipartisan bill. Yes, Steve.Very much a red line. In fact, I wanted to start at 15 so that we got 20. It just -- the numbers were -- 15 was so low we didn't take in the revenue. But I wanted 15, so we got 20 -- 20 is my number. So I'm not negotiating that number. I really -- I am not going to negotiate.That's the number I wanted to get to. I wanted to start at 15 to get there. We really had to start there because of the complexity of the numbers, but 20 is a perfect number.Well, we're thinking about that, but we have a lot of shippers and a lot of people and a lot of people who work in the shipping industry that don't want the Jones Act lifted. And we have a lot of ships out there right now.And I will tell you, the governor was very generous yesterday with his statement, and so was the major of San Juan --very, very generous with their statements. So we have a lot people, and I’m going there on Tuesday, as you probably have heard.And Puerto Rico is a very difficult situation. I mean, that place was just destroyed. That's not a question of, gee, let’s dry up the water, let’s do this or that. I mean, that place was flattened. That is a really tough situation. I feel so bad for those people.Yes.Well, the people -- yeah, the people allowed -- certain countries -- but we can add countries very easily and we can take countries away.And as far as the travel ban is concerned, whatever it is, I want the toughest travel ban you can have. So I’ll see you in Indiana. We're going to go over some more points that have not been talked about. Are you all going? Is everyone going?I think the NFL is in a box. I think they're in a really bad box. You look at what’s happening with their ratings. You look at what’s going -- I mean, frankly, the only thing that's doing well in the NFL is the pregame because everybody wants to see what’s going on.The NFL is in a very bad box. You cannot have people disrespecting our national anthem, our flag, our country, and that's what they're doing. And in my opinion, the NFL has to change or you know what’s going to happen? Their business is going to go to hell.No, not at all. No, no. We have to respect our national anthem. We have to respect our country, and they're respecting our country. And most importantly, the fans agree with me -- I mean, largely, the fans agree.But we have to show total respect for our national anthem, for our flag, for our country, we have to do it. And you can -- there are plenty of places, and there are -- personally, when they're protesting during a football game, I think they can find better places. But they cannot do it during the national anthem.I am going to see. I’m looking at that very closely. I am not happy with it. I will tell you I am not happy with it.We'll see.Good afternoon. I'm greatly honored to welcome President Mariano Rajoy of Spain, and it's a great honor to have you at the White House. Thank you very much. We've just concluded a very productive conversation on a crucial range of economic and security issues.Before we begin, I'd like to take a moment to send America's hearts and prayers to the people of Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Both have been devastated -- and I mean absolutely devastated -- by Hurricane Maria, and we're doing everything in our power to help the hard-hit people of both places, Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands.And a massive effort is underway, and we have been really treated very, very nicely by the governor and by everybody else. They know how hard we're working and what a good job we're doing.As we speak, FEMA, our great first responders, and all available federal resources, including the military, are being marshaled to save lives, protect families, and begin a long and very, very difficult restoration process. I have directed all relevant departments and agencies to assist in the response and recovery effort.As Governor Rosselló just told me this morning, the entire federal workforce is doing great work in Puerto Rico, and I appreciated his saying it. And he's saying it to anybody that will listen.Our team has been incredible after having gone through Texas and then Florida, with other stops along the way. And he further went on and he said, "And through the Trump administration's leadershipOver the last several weeks our nation has been tested by the destructive force of Mother Nature, but we will respond to it with an even mightier force: the resolve of the American spirit. Texas, Louisiana, and Florida are in really good shape and moving along well. We thank all of the first responders and volunteers who have risked their lives. And that's what they did -- they risked their lives.To all of those impacted by the trouble and these horrible hurricanes and storms that have affected and impacted our country, I thank you. The recovery process will be a very, very difficult one. We will get through this, and we will get through it together. We will be stronger. We will be bigger. We will be better. Thank you very much.The United States and Spain are great friends and close allies. Our bonds, culture, and commerce go back many centuries. Our schools teach American children about Spain's history of exploration.Our museums treasure beautiful Spanish works of art. And your country's contributions to architecture, music, and film are admired all over the world. It's a greatly admired country. The deep relationship between our two people is a strong foundation for lasting cooperation.On behalf of the American people, I want to express our support and extend our prayers to all of those affected by the vile terror attack in Spain last month. I want to assure the people of Spain that America stands with you in confronting this evil that threatens all of humanity. We will continue to deny the terrorists their funding, their territory, and any form of support for their wicked ideology.In this common fight, America greatly appreciates Spain's contribution to the coalition to defeat ISIS. Spanish troops and police have trained more than 30,000 members of the Iraqi security forces. We also thank the Spanish people for being such gracious hosts to the American servicemembers stationed at Spanish bases.The United States and Spain together face many critical dangers and challenges, from North Korea, to Iran, to Venezuela. We thank Spain for its recent decision to expel its North Korean ambassador and for standing with us in our efforts to isolate the brutal North Korean regime.It is time for all responsible nations to join forces to isolate the North Korean menace. North Korean nuclear weapons and missile development threaten the entire world with unthinkable loss of life. All nations must act now to ensure the regime's complete denuclearization.I appreciate the United Nations Security Council voting twice, unanimously -- 15 to nothing, twice -- to adopt hard-hitting resolutions against North Korea. I have recently issued tough new sanctions against those who do business with this outlaw regime, and I applaud China's latest action to restrict its trade with North Korea.And, in particular, I applaud China for breaking off all banking relationships with North Korea -- something that people would have thought unthinkable even two months ago. I want to thank President Xi.Here, in the Western Hemisphere, we have seen the heartbreaking tragedy of Maduro's socialist rule in Venezuela. Spain has been especially helpful in promoting the interests and wellbeing of the Venezuelan people, and we thank you for your efforts.We hope our friends in the EU will soon follow the United States, Canada, and many Latin American nations in sanctioning the Maduro regime. We need everybody involved. The citizens of Venezuela have endured immense suffering, poverty, starvation, and dangerous political unrest under Maduro's oppressive socialist regime.Together, Spain and the United States hope for peace, for the restoration of democracy, and for the release of all political prisoners. Wherever socialism spreads, misery follows. The people of Venezuela deserve a future of freedom. These are great people.In the economic arena, we support trade that benefits both Spain and the United States, which means it must be fair and it must be reciprocal -- such an important word. It hasn't been used very much in the United States -- "reciprocal."""Spain is the 10th largest investor in the United States, and I commend Spanish business leaders for their confidence in America and the American worker. And considering the fact that our stock market has just hit all-time highs, I think they probably like the United States very much right now.This is a time for both tremendous opportunity for our world, but also serious dangers. As I said at the United Nations, which future really is up to us. If we empower our citizens, serve their needs, and appeal to all that is best in the human spirit, then I have no doubt we will succeed like never, ever before.Mr. President, I look forward to working with you to build this future of prosperity and peace for both Spain and for the United States of America. Thank you very much. Thank youThank you very much. Steve Holland, please. Reuters. Don't get nervous, Steve. [Laughter]Well, I wasn't preoccupied with the NFL. I was ashamed of what was taking place, because to me that was a very important moment. I don't think you can disrespect our country, our flag, our national anthem. To me, the NFL situation is a very important situation. I've heard that before about was I preoccupied. Not at all. Not at all. I have plenty of time on my hands. All I do is work.And to be honest with you, that's an important function of working. It's called respect for our country. Many people have died -- many, many people. Many people are so horribly injured. I was at Walter Reed Hospital recently, and I saw so many great young people, and they're missing legs and they're missing arms.And they've been so badly injured. And they were fighting for our country. They were fighting for our flag. They were fighting for our national anthem. And for people to disrespect that by kneeling during the playing of our national anthem I think is disgraceful.So I will also say that -- again, I read you part of his quote -- but the Governor of Puerto Rico is so thankful for the great job that we're doing. We did a great job in Texas, a great job in Florida, a great job in Louisiana.We hit little pieces of Georgia and Alabama. And frankly, we're doing -- and it's the most difficult job because it's on the island. It's on an island in the middle of the ocean. It's out in the ocean. You can't just drive your trucks there from other states.And the Governor said we are doing a great job. In fact, he thanked me specifically for FEMA and all of the first responders in Puerto Rico. And we're also mentioning with that the U.S. Virgin Islands. It was devastated. So we are totally focused on that.But at the same time, it doesn't take me long to put out a wrong, and maybe we'll get it right. I think it's a very important thing for the NFL to not allow people to kneel during the playing of our national anthem, to respect our country and to respect our flag. Okay? Thank you.Well, I think that Spain is a great country and it should remain united. We're dealing with a great, great country, and it should remain united.I've been watching that unfold, but it's actually been unfolding for centuries. And I think that nobody knows if they're going to have a vote. I think the President would say they're not going to have a vote. But I think that the people would be very much opposed to that. I can say only speaking for myself, I would like to see Spain continue to be united.Thank you. Major Garrett. Yes, CBS.Yes, hi.Okay, well, I'll answer the second one first. We're totally prepared for the second option; not a preferred option. But if we take that option, it will be devastating -- I can tell you that -- devastating for North Korea. That's called the military option. If we have to take it, we will.He's acting very badly. He's saying things that should never, ever be said.And we're replying to those things, but it's a reply. It's not an original statement; it's a reply. But the things that he said over the last year -- and if you look back, the things that he said to past administrations -- North Korea is a situation that should have been handled 25 years ago, 20 years ago, 15 years ago, 10 years ago, and five years ago, and it could have been handled much more easily.You had various administrations -- many administrations which left me a mess. But I'll fix the mess. So we'll see what happens with North Korea.As far as Puerto Rico is concerned, I think just the opposite. We have had tremendous reviews from government officials, as we have in Texas and Louisiana, and as we have in Florida, as you know, from Governor Scott and Greg Abbott. Great governors. And this morning, the governor made incredible statements about how well we're doing.We understand it's a disaster; it's a disaster that just happened. The grid was in bad shape before the storm. And Puerto Rico didn't get hit by one hurricane, it got hit by two hurricanes, and they were among the biggest we've ever seen -- with the second one being even worse. I mean, the second one hit Puerto Rico as a Category 5. I don't believe anybody has ever seen that happen before -- hit land with that kind of velocity.The governor has been extremely generous and I appreciated it. We right now have our top people from FEMA, and they have been there. We're are unloading, on an hourly basis, massive loads of water and food and supplies for Puerto Rico.And this isn't like Florida where we can go right up the spine, or like Texas where we go right down the middle and we distribute. This is a thing called the Atlantic Ocean. This is tough stuff.The governor has been so incredible in his statements about the job we're doing. We're doing a great job. Don't forget, their police force has been decimated because many of the police in Puerto Rico have lost their homes. So, sure, they want to be police but they also want to be able to watch their families and find their families, and they have to live. So we're also very much involved in security in Puerto Rico.So everybody has said it's amazing the job that we've done in Puerto Rico. We're very proud of it. And I'm going there on Tuesday. Now, with all of that being said, record -- if you look at the amount of water dropped on that island, between the two hurricanes -- and the first they just barely got by with, but they were devastated. And the second was a complete wipeout. I mean, this was a place that was destroyed.So I think we've done a really good job. We're continuing to -- we are literally unloading, on an hourly basis, water, food, supplies. We have our top people from FEMA and our first responders and everybody else. We're going to be deploying Navy ships -- they've already been deployed. And we are going to do far more than anybody else would ever be able to do. And it's being recognized as such, but it is a tough situation. Would you have a question or the President?Well, I think the people of Catalonia have been talking about this for a long time. But I bet you if you had accurate numbers and accurate polling, you'd find that they love their country, they love Spain, and they wouldn't leave. So I'm just for united Spain.I speak as the President of the United States, as somebody that has great respect for your President, and also has really great respect for your country. I really think the people of Catalonia would stay with Spain. I think it would be foolish not to. Because you're talking about staying with a truly great, beautiful, and very historic country.Mr. President, thank you very much. Thank you.[Inaudible]Well, I think the owners should do something about it. I think it's very disrespectful to our flag and to our country. So I certainly think the owners should do something about it.There was great solidarity -- I watched a little bit. I was not watching the games today, believe me -- I'm doing other things. But I watched a little bit, and I will say that there was tremendous solidarity for our flag and for our country.Well, that's okay. Look, he has to take his ideas and go with what he wants. I think it's very disrespectful to our country. I think it's very, very disrespectful to our flag.I like Bob very much, he's my friend. But he gave me a Super Bowl ring a month ago, right? So he's a good friend of mine, and I want him to do what he wants to do.But we have a great country. We have great people representing our country, especially our soldiers, our first responders, and they should be treated with respect. And when you get on your knee and you don't respect the American flag or the anthem, that's not being treated with respect.No, this has nothing to do with race. I've never said anything about race. This has nothing to do with race or anything else. This has to do with respect for our country, and respect for our flag.Yeah, we have a tax plan that's totally finalized. I think it will be terrific. I think it's going to go through, and it will be the largest tax cut in the history of our country.I've never heard that mentioned. Really, I've never heard that mentioned.I hope the corporate rate is going to be 15 percent.With the plan? We'll see what happens, but I hope it's going to be 15 percent. But it's going to be substantially lower so we bring jobs back into our country.No, we think we're going to bring the individual rate to 10 percent or 12 percent, much lower than it is right now. This is a plan for the middle class and for companies so they can bring back jobs.Well, we're looking at the healthcare. I mean, I've been watching for seven years as the Republicans have been saying "repeal and replace."" Then you have John McCain voting noIt's also great for Maine; it's also great for Alaska. Every state you're talking about, it happens to be particularly good for. So I don't know what they're doing. But you know what? Eventually, we'll win, whether it's now or later.Well, we'll see. We'll see what happens. But the Republicans have been saying for seven years, "repeal and replaceI mean, if you look at the -- with the block grants. You look at Alaska -- one of the biggest beneficiary would be Alaska, and these are the people that are against it.Eventually, we will win on that. My primary focus, I must tell you -- and has been from the beginning, as you can imagine -- is taxes. I believe we will be successful in the largest tax cut in our country's history. Thank you all very much. I'll see you later.The travel ban: The tougher, the better.I think that the flag has to be respected, our country has to be respected. There's plenty of room to do other things, but our country has to be respected, and I've always felt very strongly about that, and, by the way most people agree with me.hey have rights. We all have rights. But when you're on that field, and you know there's a situation going on... this is a great, great country and we have a great flag, and they should respect our flag. They're making a lot of money. I'm not grudging anything. I'm just saying they have to respect our flag, and have to respect our country.The NFL has to work at their own problems. Their... their numbers are way down, and I think this is a big reason why their numbers are way down.No, not at all. I don't care. They can do whatever they want. I'm just... I'm just telling you from my standpoint, I think it's very disrespectful to our country. Thank you all very much.Who did?No, I don't think he took the flight. I think if you check your records, he didn't take the flight. Why don't you check your records before you make it... why don't you check check your records before you make a statement.As I understood it, I don't know much about it. I haven't heard about it, but I understand he never took the flight.Well, you'll have to ask him about that. I don't know. Now as far as as far as Secretary Price is concerned, that's different. we're looking into it.Always, always. Thank you very much.She's not supposed to be doing that, and what she did was wrong. And we've been saying that, and that's just the tip of the iceberg. What she did was wrong. Not supposed to be doing that. You know it. The unmasking and the surveillance, and I heard she admitted that yesterday. Just not right. Let's go, folks. We'll go a few more. Go ahead.[Audio Begins] Anybody have any questions?I think the Governor has done a great job. I think the federal government, working with state and local, has really done a terrific job. Now, the Keys -- we've just gotten word on the Keys. That was just wiped out. That was a hurricane 5 hit it. But we're getting tremendous amounts of supplies, and medical, and a lot of other things out to the Keys.But for the most part, the electric is going back on. It's already on in certain locations like Miami, but it's going back on on a daily basis. We have massive amounts of electricians, massive amounts of electrical workers all over the state.They came from all over the country. They came from Canada -- as far away as Canada. There's never been a mobilization of electrical workers like we have in the state of Florida, and it's going on very rapidly. Much of it is already on.I'll be going to the Virgin Islands. This next week, as you know, is United Nations. And I'm going to be going to the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico sometime the end of next week or the following week.I spoke to both governors. We've got it very well covered. Virgin Islands was really hit. They were hit about as hard as I've ever seen. But the Virgin Islands were hit. But I'll be going there at the end of the week or the beginning of the following week. I'll also be going to Puerto Rico the same day.A review of --You'll see what I'm going to be doing very shortly in October. But I will say this: The Iran deal is one of the worst deals I've ever seen. Certainly, at a minimum, the spirit of the deal is just atrociously kept, but the Iran deal is not a fair deal to this country. It's a deal that should have never, ever been made. And you'll see what we're doing in a couple of weeks. It's going to be in October.You'll see. You're going to see. But we are not going to stand for what they're doing to this country. They have violated so many different elements, but they've also violated the spirit of that deal. And you will see what we'll be doing in October. It will be very evident.Well, many Republicans really like it. As you know, I was with a great Republican representative just now, who you know very well -- two of them -- and they are very, very happy with what I'm doing. And I'm a Republican through and through, but I'm also finding that sometimes to get things through, it's not working that way.And, you know, we got very poorly treated on the healthcare plan, and now you see what's happening where people are going single-payer -- exactly what I said would happen. And single-payer would be a terrible thing for our country.So my relationship with the Republicans is excellent. Many of them agree with what I'm doing. You just saw two -- Mario -- you know who I'm talking about -- we just met with two great Republican representatives who love what I'm doing.But we have to get things passed, and if we can't get things passed then we have to go a different route. We have to get things passed.Now, you've covered my statement very accurately on the dinner last night, and they cannot obstruct for a wall because we definitely need a wall. I just spoke, by the way, to the President of Mexico, and, as you know, it's been impossible to reach him because he was in the mountains where they had the earthquake, and there was no cell.And as you know, it's been impossible to reach him because of the -- he was in the mountains where they had the earthquake and there was no cell. We spoke yesterday but the phone, the connection never got put together because he had no access to cell.But we just had a good talk -- just got finished with him.  And that whole earthquake is terrible, it's just terrible. So we paid our respects, and he, likewise, also paid his respects with respect to Irma and Harvey.I don't know anything about it. I just heard about it.I doubt he would do it. I've known him a long time, he is a very straight shooter. So it could be that he used a plane and he's paying for it. I don't know anything about it, I really don't. I just heard about it a little while ago.Total confidence. I've known him for a long time. He's a very honorable man.I have confidence in Gary, too.Tim Scott has been a friend of mine for a long time. I've been a supporter of his when I was civilian. I was one of his earliest supporters, and I supported him when he ran.And we had a great talk yesterday. I think especially in light of the advent of Antifa, if you look at what's going on there, you know, you have some pretty bad dudes on the other side also. And essentially that's what I said.Now because of what's happened since then, with Antifa, you look at, you know, really what's happened since Charlottesville -- a lot of people are saying -- in fact a lot of people have actually written, "gee Trump might have a point."" I saidBut we had a great conversation and he also has legislation, which I actually like very much -- the concept of which, I support -- to get people going into certain areas and building and constructing and putting people to work. And I told him yesterday, that's a concept I could support very easily.We did talk about that, yeah.By the way, it's something I do. But it's something I certainly would continue to do, and we did talk about that.I would do it. I told him I would do it. He knows --Let me finish. He knows we've already done it. But I told Tim, and I told him very strongly, I like that and I also like very much legislation having to do with jobs, in certain areas.Go ahead.I will give you a great example. So we had a surprise from John McCain, and we had the vote and then John McCain came out of nowhere. And we had a surprise. It was a very unpleasant surprise, and now what are we looking at?We have people now talking about single-payer, and that's what we get. So the Republicans have to stick together better. They had the votes and then John McCain changed his mind, pure and simple.And if the Republicans don't stick together then I'm going to have to do more and more. And by the way, the Republican Party agrees with me. The people out there definitely agree with me. If they're unable to stick together then I'm going to have to get a little help from the Democrats and I've got that, I'll tell you.For the tax bill, I would be very surprised if I don't have at least a few Democrats. I have states that I won by 30 points and more, where they have people running. And, frankly, I think and I get the impression that they very much like the ideas of this tax plan.We'll be submitting on the week of the 25th, the detailed -- everything -- but most of -- most people know about the plan in terms of the details. But we'll actually be opening up the week of the 25th. And I think it's going to be something that's going to be very successful, and I do believe we'll have some Democratic votes.This is not a plan for the rich. This is a plan for the middle class, and this is a plan for jobs, and this is a plan to bring $4 trillion back into the United States that people have wanted to do for years, both Democrat and Republican. For years they've wanted to bring that money back into the United States.This is a plan to bring -- it could be more than $4 trillion. Frankly, nobody really knows what the number is. They've been saying for years it's $2.5 trillion, but that was -- for four years I've been hearing that, so obviously it's much more.I think it's anywhere between $4 trillion and $5 trillion -- could even be more than that. We'll be bringing that back into the United States. I will have tremendous Democrat support and Republican support for that.It will be revenue-neutral when you add growth because we're going to have magnificent growth. If you look at GDP for the last quarter, it was 3 percent. Everybody was shocked to see that. I think we would have had, I'm not going to use numbers, but I think we would have had substantially more than that for the next quarter in GDP.The problem is we just got hit with two massive hurricanes, the likes of which we essentially haven't seen before. So that will have a little bit of an impact and maybe more than a little bit of an impact.But we have GDP -- if you raise -- if you go up one point in GDP, it takes care of many sins. If you go up two points, it takes care of everything. And I think we're going to rocket in terms of GDP.And don't forget, I've been saying for a long time that GDP is going to be higher than you thought, when GDP -- when it hit 3 percent this last quarter, people, including many of the people here, were very, very surprised because they thought it would be about 1.7 percent or 1.8 percent.A lot of it has to do with all of the regulations I've cut where people can actually now go out and build and farm and do all the things they want to do, at the same time being environmentally friendly and regulation friendly.So I just want to say including growth -- because it's a very fair question, a good question -- if you want to include growth, because we're going to go like a rocket ship, we're going to more than make up the difference.Well, we've had bigger storms than this. And if you go back into the 1930s and the 1940s, and you take a look, we've had storms over the years that have been bigger than this. If you go back into the Teens, you'll see storms that were as big or bigger.So we did have two horrific storms, epic storms. But if you go back into the '30s and '40s, and you go back into the Teens, you'll see storms that were very similar and even bigger, okay?I do respect Chairman Yellen a lot. I like her and I respect her, but I haven't made that decision yet. I do think this: The country is doing well. We got hurt by the two hurricanes, but the country is doing very well.The stock market has hit a new high, as you see. Jobs are at a 17-year low. Unemployment is at the highest number it's ever been -- if you look at the unemployment is low, and the employment in the country is just about at the highest point it's ever been. I mean, we're doing well.And very importantly just to finish, companies are starting to move back into our country. Expansion of auto firms and plants; expansion of different things -- even Foxconn.I'm looking at your iPhone. It's made by you know who -- Foxconn. And Foxconn is moving into the country for the first time. Apple is going to be building massive plants. And there's a big reason for that, and the reason happens to be Trump. Have a good time, everybody.What was?We have a very good relationship with China and with the President of China. We are working on different things. I can't tell you, obviously, what I'm working on. But believe me, the people of this country will be very, very safe.I think that a lot of effort is being put into this. We're looking at what's going on. As we speak, we are literally at it right now, and you will be seeing what we'll be doing?Probably be visiting. I was invited by the President. We'll probably all be going over as a group sometime in November.And we'll be doing --Japan, South Korea, possibly Vietnam with a conference. Okay?He invited us, we're going to see.Right now definite. We've been invited by the Philippines. They want us to go -- Vietnam -- to the conference.We'll possibly do that. It will be a busy 10 days, okay? Keep you guys busy.I hope so. [Laughter] I don't know, but I hope so. Thank you. Thank you. Good question.Well, we're working on a deal. We'll see what happens. Very important is the wall to me, and we have to know the wall will not be obstructed, because without the wall, I wouldn't do anything.Well, all I, all I, you know, we're already starting the wall. The wall is being renovated. Fully renovated. Because we have mass amounts of wall. The wall is being fully renovated right now, as you know, and also, we're doing samples of the new wall.We have four of them being built right now. And they're under construction, and then well make -- then well make a decision as to which one we want to use. We pretty much have a pretty good idea. But we are looking for extreme border security and surveillance, everything else.We also have to get the wall. It doesn't have to be here, but they can't obstruct the wall -- whether its in a budget or something else -- when we're ready --No, we're not looking at citizenship. We're not looking at amnesty. We're looking at allowing people to stay here. We're working with everybody -- Republican. We're working with Democrat. I just spoke with Paul Ryan, he's onboard.Everybody is onboard. They want to do something. We're not talking about amnesty. We're talking about -- we're talking about taking care of people, people that were brought here, people that have done a good job and were not brought here of their own volition.But very importantly, what we want -- we have to have a wall. If the wall is going to be obstructed when we need the funds -- at a little bit later date, well be determining how much we need -- then we're not doing any --No, what we're doing is we're doing it in conjunction with the Republicans. We have a very, very good relationship with a lot of people. A lot of people want this to happen. They expect it to happen, and well see if it happens.But we'll only do it if we get extreme security, if we get not only surveillance, but everything that goes along with surveillance. And ultimately we have to have the wall. If we don't have the wall, we're doing nothing.There was no deal and they didn't say they had a deal. In fact, they just put out a statement they didn't say that at all.Well talk about that. But I think a deal will be made before six months.The wall -- at some point, they're going to have to -- they cannot obstruct the wall. The wall, to me, is vital. If I don't get the wall, then we will become the obstructionists.We have to have an understanding that whether its in the budget or some other vehicle in a fairly short period of time, the wall will be funded. Otherwise, we're not doing anything.So the wealthy Americans are not my priority. My priority are people in the middle class, and that's where we're giving the big tax reduction to. Its about the middle class, and its about jobs. And its about bringing jobs back to the country, bringing back -- the companies back so that companies can get a reduction.Right now we're paying the highest tax rate in the world. We want to bring that to around 15 percent. That would make us competitive with China and other countries. So my priority is bringing companies back, bringing money back into the country. Theres trillions of dollars outside of our country that we could bring back, but the taxes don't allow it to happen.Just so you understand, my priority is jobs -- very simple, its jobs and its the middle class. Taking care of both.I don't think well have to do that, but this is not to benefit the wealthy. This is to benefit the middle class and to benefit companies where they're going to be producing jobs. We want to produce jobs in this country. We want factories coming back, and they're already coming back. But we want factories coming back into our country.Right now they're leaving our country. They've started since I've been in, as you know -- you look at Michigan, you look at Ohio, you look at -- they're starting to come back. But to really bring them back, we have to reduce our tax rate. So we're trying to bring it down to around 15 percent.Whats going to happen is the individual rate coming down will be substantial for the middle class. We want to take care of the middle class. We want to take care of jobs. The way we're going to get jobs is to make our companies more competitive. And don't forget, a lot of these companies are public companies owned by the public, owned by pension funds, owned by vehicles such as that, so they'll get a big benefit.Our priority is jobs and the middle class. Okay, now lets go and see how we're doing because I think we're doing a good job in Florida.Good afternoon, and thank you for all being here. It's my great honor to welcome His Highness the Emir of Kuwait to the White House.The United States and Kuwait share a strong and enduring partnership. We recently commenced [commemorated] the 27th day of remembrance of Saddam Hussein’s invasion of Kuwait, which we all remember so well.The United States is proud to have contributed to the liberation of Kuwait and for the friendship we have built together in the years since.Today, we reaffirm our commitment to our shared security interests and recognize Kuwait’s critical contributions to regional stability. We also thank Kuwait for its humanitarian leadership and for its partnership in the fight to destroy ISIS.During my trip to Saudi Arabia, I spoke to the leaders of more than 50 Arab and Muslim nations about the need to confront our shared enemies -- murderous terror groups that threaten all civilized people.Every responsible nation must work together to strip these groups of their territory, their financing, and the false allure of their evil ideology.I applaud Kuwait for its role in this effort and encourage all nations in the region to do their fair share in defeating those who wage war on the innocent. Each nation in the region must decide what kind of future they want for their own children: one of violence or one of peace. That also means confronting those, such as the Iranian regime, who support terror groups and radical militias.Cooperation between America and Kuwait has never been stronger -- never, ever. The FBI and the Kuwaiti government are expanding our counterterrorism and intelligence-sharing efforts.We are making progress on promoting Kuwaiti investments in the United States. They’re making tremendous investments in our country. They have great confidence in our country. We're also entering a bilateral agreement with Kuwait regarding customs enforcement.During the same period, and the same trip to Saudi Arabia -- which was my great honor representing our incredible country -- His Highness personally asked me to expedite a $5 billion agreement for the sale of American F/A-18 Super Hornet fighting jets for Kuwait.I am pleased to report that the State Department has now authorized this transferred purchase, which will not only strengthen our mutual security, but will greatly benefit American workers.Kuwaiti's investments in America through its sovereign wealth fund are profitable for Kuwaiti people and they create many, many jobs in the American workforce. I am pleased to report this year that Kuwait has taken delivery of 10 American-made Boeing 777 airliners. They're beauties.American workers build the best planes in the world, by far, and we want them to be made available for those countries that want them. And Kuwait has been a big buyer of commercial airliners made by Boeing and others.Our partnership extends beyond shared economic and security interests. We're signing a memorandum to deepen the close educational ties between our two countries, enhancing English language, and that's what we're going to be doing -- we're enhancing the whole relationship through the use of the English language. And that is something that's very exciting, I think, for both of us.I want to thank His Highness for his leadership role and the role he's playing to help the nations of the Gulf Cooperation Council follow through on their pledges from all over -- because we went to Saudi Arabia, and the pledges of ending terrorist financing came from every country in that magnificent room, on that magnificent day.And we are addressing the ongoing GCC dispute, and the Emir is leading those discussions and hopefully it will be resolved very soon.We call on our GCC and Egyptian allies to focus on our commitments at that Saudi Arabia summit to continue our joint efforts to drive out and defeat terrorists. Qatar, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates, Bahrain, and Egypt are all essential U.S. partners in this effort. We have great relationships with all of them right now; maybe better than we've ever had. We will be most successful with a united GCC.Tomorrow, Secretary of State Tillerson and Foreign Minister Al-Sabah will chair the second U.S.-Kuwaiti Strategic Dialogue. By strengthening communications with allies like Kuwait, we send a strong message to both terrorist organizations and regional aggressors that they cannot win -- they will not win; they cannot win against us; and our military is getting stronger and stronger and stronger -- and that those who cherish and value human life will always prevail.I want to thank His Highness for joining us here today. The United States values its close friendship with Kuwait and its people, and we look forward to strengthening these bonds even further.Together, we will show the world that the forces of destruction and extremism are no match for the blessings of prosperity and peace. Thank you very much. I appreciate that. Thank you.All right, we’ll take a couple of questions. Go ahead. Yes. Actually, we’ll go to somebody else this time, John. [Laughter] You've been doing enough, John. Go ahead, CBS.Military action would certainly be an option. Is it inevitable? Nothing is inevitable. It would be great if something else could be worked out. We would have to look at all of the details, all of the facts. But we've had Presidents for 25 years now -- they've been talking, talking, talking -- and the day after an agreement is reached, new work begins in North Korea, continuation on nuclear.So I would prefer not going the route of the military, but it’s something certainly that could happen. Our military has never been stronger. We are in a position now -- and you know the new orders. You see the new numbers just like I see the new numbers.It’s been tens of billions of dollars more in investment. And each day new equipment is delivered -- new and beautiful equipment, the best in the world, the best anywhere in the world, by far. Hopefully we're not going to have to use it on North Korea. If we do use it on North Korea, it will be a very sad day for North Korea. Do you have a question for the Emir?We're going to see what it is. I don't negotiate with you --No, I’m not negotiating with you. Maybe we’ll have a chance to negotiate with somebody else, but I don't put my negotiations on the table. Unlike past administrations, I don't talk about them. But I can tell you that North Korea is behaving badly, and it’s got to stop. Okay, a question for the Emir?Question for the -- yes, for the Emir first, yes.While I do appreciate and respect the mediation, I would be willing to be the mediator. I was telling the Emir before that if I can help between UAE and Saudi Arabia, where I have a very great relationship -- I spoke with the King yesterday, King Salman, who is a friend of mine, and we spoke on unrelated subjects, but we had a long conversation.If I can help mediate between Qatar and, in particular, the UAE and Saudi Arabia, I would be willing to do so. And I think you’d have a deal worked out very quickly.I think it’s something that's going to get solved fairly easily. Kuwait has been really the leader of getting it solved, and we appreciate that very much. But I do believe that we’ll solve it. If we don't solve it, I will be a mediator right here in the White House. We’ll come together. Very quickly, I think, we’ll have something solved.Go ahead.Well, first of all, the Palestinians and the Israelis -- we are discussing, we are working. They say it is the world's most complex and difficult deal. You know that. But it is something that could happen. I believe that the relationships that we have with both can help.It's an event that's just never taken place. Sometimes people think they're close and it never happens, or it never happens successfully.I think we have a chance of doing it. I think the Palestinians would like to see it happen. I think the Israelis would like to see it happen. And usually when you have two groups that would like to see something happen, good things can happen.So I think there is a chance that there could be peace. But again, I say that a little bit reluctantly. We're going to give it our best. We have tremendous talent working on that particular transaction. As you know, David Friedman, the ambassador, is very much involved. We have a great group of people. We'll see what happens.As far as the chemical weapons, I find it hard to believe that after what we did the last time, that Assad would do that again. I haven’t heard what you just said, but I find that a little bit difficult to believe. But nothing would change. We would be extremely upset if he was using chemical weapons.As far as Syria is concerned, we have very little to do with Syria other than killing ISIS. What we do is we kill ISIS. And we have succeeded in that respect. We have done better in eight months of my presidency than the previous eight years against ISIS.So ISIS is rapidly disappearing, as you know, and that's because of our great military. The military has been absolutely incredible in terms of what they've done with ISIS in Iraq and in Syria. Do you have a question for the Emir?This all began because of the fact that there has been massive funding of terrorism by certain countries. And what I want is I want to stop the funding of terrorism, and we’re going to stop the funding of terrorism. And if they don’t stop the funding of terrorism, I don’t want them to come together. But I think they will. You have a question?Well, that is a problem that we will get resolved, and I’m very, very honored and happy to know that you have problems with the media also. [Laughter] Thank you everybody. Thank you very much.Thank you. Thank you very much. It is my great honor to welcome President Niinistö to the White House. We've just concluded a very positive meeting and I want to begin today by extending my thoughts and prayers for those affected by Hurricane Harvey, and the catastrophe of flooding and all of the other difficulties that they're currently going through in Houston and southeast Texas.And now it's looking more and more like the state of Louisiana will be also affected. My administration is coordinating closely with state and local authorities, in Texas and Louisiana, to save lives, and we thank our first responders, and all of those involved in their efforts.We're working directly with Texas Governor Greg Abbott, who by the way is doing a fantastic job, and his entire staff likewise, as well as with Governor John Bell Edwards, who is very much involved in starting the process of Louisiana.We've pledged our full support as Texas and Louisiana battle and recover from this very devastating and historic storm. There's probably never been anything like this. Under the supervision of FEMA Administrator Brock Long, there has been a tremendous amount of work done. He has... He has been so outstanding in so many ways.More than 8,500 federal workers are involved in the Texas effort alone. I've also today declared emergencies in Louisiana at the request of Governor Edwards. Recovery will be a long and difficult road.And the federal government stands ready willing and able to support that effort. Right now the single most important thing is the safety and security of those still in harm's way, including the first responders who have been so terrific and brave.Protecting the lives of our people is my highest priority. Every asset at my command is at the disposal of local officials. Tragic times such as these bring out the best in America's character. Strength, charity and resilience are those characters.We see neighbor helping neighbor, friend helping friend, and stranger helping a stranger. And you see that, all of you watch on television. You just see such incredible work and love and teamwork. We are one American family. We heard together we struggled together. And believe me we endure together. We are one family.To the people of Texas and Louisiana, we are 100 percent with you. We're praying for you. We're working closely with your leaders and officials. And I will be visiting the impact zone tomorrow to ensure that you're receiving full support and cooperation from the federal government.And on Saturday we think we're going back to Texas. And also we will be going to Louisiana. Nothing can defeat the unbreakable spirit of the people of Texas and Louisiana right now. Every American heart sends its love and support to those whose lives have been upended, totally up.... and totally, by this very horrible storm.We ask God for His wisdom and strength. We will get through this. We will come out stronger. And believe me we will be bigger better stronger than ever before. The rebuilding will begin, and in the end it will be something very special.I just want to thank everybody in the affected area because it has been absolutely incredible to watch the spirit, the cooperation and the love. I would also like to share a message to the people of Finland who have recently suffered a terrorist attack in Turku.We stand in solidarity with you against the terrorist threat. We must all work together to deny terrorists safe havens cut off their finances and defeat their very wicked ideology.Mr. President, Americans are grateful for your steadfast support as an ally in the fight against terrorism. We appreciate it, including your membership in the coalition to defeat ISIS.Finland makes important contributions to the coalition in its effort in Afghanistan and has troops on the ground in Iraq, training Iraqi soldiers. In Afghanistan, Finland provides troops and financial contributions to support the Afghan national defense and security forces on a modern day frontier between barbarism and civilization.That's what you have. It's barbarism versus civilization. We are particularly grateful to the Finnish citizens who have sacrificed for our mutual security. Finland is a leading expert in cybersecurity.In fact we should be calling you pretty soon. You do do a fantastic job with cybersecurity and I congratulate you. And I think in a very short period of time, we're going to be right there with you. Believe me.The United States is very proud partner of Finland's European Center of Excellence to counter modern threats, including cyber attacks. In addition we look forward to your leadership as chair of the Arctic Council. The Arctic region has strategic and economic importance for both of our nations. Very much so.The foundation of our friendship is our shared love of freedom. On behalf of all Americans, I congratulate you and the Finnish people on the 100th anniversary of Finland's independence. 100 years. Fantastic. In honor of Finland's Centennial, the United States is contributing an additional half million dollars to the Fulbright Finland Foundation.Through the Fulbright program we are sending more of our best and brightest to Finland. Forging lasting connections between Americans and Finns on the economic front.We seek fair and reciprocal trade to benefit both of our countries. I applaud Finnish companies for their commitment to increase investment in the United States adding new technologies and adding good jobs for hardworking Americans. Thank you.The U.S.-Finnish partnership is rooted in our shared interests and common values. As President, and I must say and I want to thank you, Mr. President, we've discussed and we look forward to further strengthening these bonds of culture, commerce, and cooperation between our two countries, so that our citizens and our nations can thrive and prosper together.Mr. President I like to thank you very much for being at the White House, and had a great meeting in the Oval Office. It's my honor to have you here. Thank you. Thank you [Shakes Hands]So  we'll take a couple of questions. How about we go to Texas. Todd Gillman?No, I think that you're going to see very rapid action from Congress, certainly from the president. And you're going to get your funding. It's a terrible tragedy. Your governor has been absolutely outstanding in the job he's done and his entire staff. And I will say that I just spoke with Greg and he is working 24/7.We expect to have requests on our desk fairly soon and we think that Congress will feel very much the way I feel. Very ,in a very bipartisan way. That will be nice but we think we're going to have what you need and it's going to go fast. Texas is a unique place. It's a great, great state great people. And I think you'll be up and running very very quickly. Really very quickly.So yeah I think you're going to be in fantastic shape. I've already spoken to Congress and everybody feels for you and feels for what you're going through. But at the same time they have great respect, even additional respect for the state because you've handled it so well, so brilliantly.But it's a long road. Still pouring. Still a lot of rain nobody's ever seen anything like it. I've heard the words epic. I've heard historic. That's what it is. But you'll have what you want. I think very very quickly. And Todd you can ask a question to the President.I think it has nothing to do with it really. I think this is separate. This has got to go really very very quickly. Again I've spoken to many of the people we're talking about and everybody feels the same way I do.Well I consider many countries as a security threat, unfortunately when you look at what's going on in the world today. As you know few weeks ago our great vice president Mike Pence who's right here was in the region and spent quite a bit of time there. We consider that a very very important part of the world.We have great relationships there. We have a great relationship with Finland. And so I would consider many countries threats but these are all threats that we'll be able to handle if we have to. Hopefully we won't have to handle them. But if we do we will handle them.We are very protective of that region. That's all I can say. We are very very protective. We have great friends there great relationships that we are extremely protective ofA question for the President. Yes. You know sometimes... you have a question for the President? Do you have a question for the President? Or somebody else can. You don't have to.We had a very good discussion in particular on the Arctic and black carbon. And I think we have much in agreement. One of the things we also agree on we want crystal clean water and we want to clean air the cleanest ever. Very important. So we have a lot of agreement. John Roberts, yes?Well, a lot of people think it was the right thing to do John. And actually in the middle of a hurricane, even though it was a Friday evening I assume the ratings would be far higher than they would be normally. You know the hurricane was just starting. And I pointed out that I had pardoned as we call as we say Sheriff Joe.He's done a great job for the people of Arizona. He's very strong on borders very strong on illegal immigration. He is loved in Arizona. I thought he was treated unbelievably unfairly when they came down with their big decision to go get him right before the election voting started. As you know he lost in a fairly close election. He would have won the election but they just hammered him just before the election.I thought that was a very very unfair thing to do. When I mentioned him the other night you saw the massive crowd we had the people went crazy when I said What do you think of Sheriff Joe or something to that effect the place went absolutely crazy when I was in Arizona last week.And as far as pardons are concerned, I actually did this just before the meeting because I assume that somebody would ask me that question. I didn't know it would be you, as you can attest. You didn't even know you're going to be called. But I thought I would.And you know Sheriff Joe is a great veteran of the military. Great law enforcement person. Somebody that's won many many elections in the state of Arizona. But I wanted to look at some of the other people that were pardoned over the years.And if you look at as an example, President Clinton pardoned Marc Rich, who is charged with crimes going back decades, including illegally buying oil from Iran while it held 53 American hostages. Wasn't allowed to do that selling to the enemies of the United States. He was pardoned after his wife donated hundreds of thousands of dollars to the Clintons.Then you have dangerous criminals. President Clinton pardoned Susan Rosenberg a member of the Weather Underground. Charged as part of a bank robbery that led to a guard and two police officers being killed. Drug dealers.President Clinton commuted the sentence of Carlos Vignali, a central player in a cocaine ring that stretched from California to Minnesota. Criminal leaker. You've heard the word leaker. President Obama commuted the sentence of Chelsea Manning, who leaked countless sensitive and classified documents to WikiLeaks. Perhaps others.But a horrible horrible thing that he did. Commuted the sentence, and perhaps pardoned/ President Obama commuted the sentence of Oscar Lopez Rivera who is charged as part of a violent independent group from Puerto Rico. Responsible for 28 Chicago area bombings and many deaths in the 1970s and 1980s.Sheriff Joe is a patriot. Sheriff Joe loves our country. Sheriff Joe protected our borders. And Sheriff Joe was very unfairly treated by the Obama administration, especially right before the election, an election that he would have won. And he was elected many times so I stand by my pardon of Sheriff Joe. And I think the people of Arizona who really know him best would agree with me. Thank you very much.I know there might be a couple of more questions, but you want to take one more? Would you want to take one more. Go ahead pick. Go ahead.Again? You're going to give her the same one?Go aheadGo AheadPlease. Again I'm going to give her the same way. No she's not. Go ahead. They are.Well I hope that we do have good relations with Russia. I say it loud and clear. I've been saying it for years. I think it's a good thing if we have great relationships or at least good relationships with Russia. That's very important, and I believe someday that will happen.It's a big country. It's a nuclear country. I's a country that we should get along with. And I think we will eventually get along with Russia. Finland is respected by Russia. Finland has been free of Russia, really just about one of the few countries in the region that has been for 100 years. And Russia has a lot of respect for Finland, so that's always good.But I think Finland is doing fine with Russia and I hope that the United States will someday be able to have a very good relationship with Russia also. I think that's very good for world peace and for other things.Well, as I said before that you know our relationship with Finland is a very close one and we're always ready to help Finland. And one of the things that is happening is you're purchasing large amounts of our great F-18 aircraft from Boeing, and it's one of the great planes, one of the great fighter jets, and you're purchasing lots of other military equipment.And I think purchasing very wisely. I know all of the military equipment and I actually agree with everything you purchased. We talked about it before. I think Finland's really a respected country militarily.It's got large armed forces for its size as a country. Really proportionally probably one of the biggest in the world if you think of it. But they're very respected militarily and they're respected beyond militarily. So hopefully it'll never come to that. Thank you.Go ahead.No I think what's going to happen is the FEMA money is relatively small compared to the rebuilding money. So FEMA right now we have the money necessary for Texas and Louisiana if we need. But the all you know the real number which will be many billions of dollars will go through Congress. I think it'll happen very quickly it'll go very fast. And I want to congratulate you on the network. It's a great network.Yes it will. One way or the other Mexico is going to pay for the wall. It may be through reimbursement but one way or the other Mexico will pay for the. We're right now negotiating NAFTA.In my opinion Mexico has been very difficult, as they should be. Why wouldn't they be? They had a sweetheart deal for so many years. It's one of the great deals of all time for them. One of the worst trade deals ever signed. I guarantee you Mr. President, Finland would never have signed NAFTA with Russia or whoever you wanted. This is not a deal that you would want to sign.This is not a deal that Finland would know about. NAFTA is one of the worst trade deals ever signed at any time anywhere in the world. And I can understand why Mexico is being difficult because why wouldn't they be? They've had it their way.But Mexico will pay for the Wall. It may be through a reimbursement. We need the wall very badly as you know Mexico has a tremendous crime problem tremendous. One of the number two or three in the world, and that's another reason we need it. Just to add on tremendous drugs pouring into the United States at levels that nobody has ever seen before.This happened over the last three to four years in particular. The wall will stop much of the drugs from pouring into this country and poisoning our youth. So we need the wall. It's imperative. We may fund it through the United States, but ultimately Mexico will pay for wall.Well, I hope that's not necessary. Yeah. I hope that's not necessary. If it's necessary, we'll have to see. But I hope it's not necessary. The wall is needed from the standpoint of security. The wall is needed from the standpoint of drug... tremendous drug scourge. What's coming through and that through that area, through the areas that we're talking about as you know I have General Kelly here. We stopped traffic coming through 78 percent.It's going to be I think 81 percent this quarter which is a record. In other administrations if they stopped it just a little bit like one or two or three percent they consider that a great thing we're up to almost 80 percent. We'll soon be over 80 percent. But you need the wall to do the rest. And you need the wall for the drugs the drugs are a tremendous problem. The wall will greatly help with the drug problem.And ultimately that's a good thing for Mexico also. We have a very good relationship with Mexico. But I will say that dealing with them. I've always said, I've talked about after, you've heard me many times and I've said that we will either terminate it or renegotiate it. We're in the process of renegotiating right now. Renegotiating the deal.I believe that you will probably have to at least start the termination process before a fair deal can be arrived at, because it's been a one-sided deal, and this includes Canada by the way -- great respect for Canada, great love for Canada -- but it's been a one-sided deal for Canada and from Mexico and the United States workers all of these incredible people who have lost their jobs because of NAFTA.They're not going to be suffering any longer. It's been unfair for too long. So we will build the wall, and we will stop a lot of things including the drug... the drugs are pouring in at levels like nobody has ever seen will be able to stop them once the wall is up. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you everybody.Hello, everybody. Great to be back in New York with all of our friends and some great friends outside the building, I must tell you. I want to thank all of our distinguished guests who are with us today, including the members of our cabinet: Treasury secretary Stephen Mnuchin and OMB Director Mick Mulvaney and the Transportation Secretary who is doing a fabulous job, Elaine Chao.Thank you all for doing a really incredible and creative job on what we're going to be discussing today, which is infrastructure. We've just had a great set of briefings upstairs on our infrastructure agenda.My administration is working every day to deliver the world class infrastructure that our people deserve and frankly our country deserves. That's why I just signed a new Executive Order to dramatically reform the nation's badly broken infrastructure permitting process.Just blocks away is the Empire State Building. It took 11 months to build the Empire State Building. But today it can take as long as a decade and much more than that. Many, many stories where it takes 20 and 25 years just to get approvals to start construction of a fairly routine highway.Highway builders must get up to 16 different approvals involving nine different federal agencies governed by 29 different statutes. One agency alone can stall a project for many, many years and even decades.Not only does this cost our economy billions of dollars, but it also denies our citizens the safe and modern infrastructure they deserve. This overregulated permitting process is a massive, self-inflicted wound on our country.It's disgraceful. Denying our people much needed investments in their community, and I just want to show you this, because it was just shown to me. I think I'm going to show it to the media -- both real and fake media by the way.This is what it takes to get something approved today. Elaine, you see that? So this is what it takes, permitting process flow chart. That's a flow chart. So that can go out to about 20 years, this shows about ten.But that can go out to about 20 years to get something approved. This is for a highway. I have seen a highway recently in a certain state -- I won't mention it's name, it is 17 years. I could have built it for $4 million, $5 million without the permitting process.It costs hundreds of millions of dollars, but it took 17 years to get it approved and many, many, many, many pages of environmental impact studies. This is what we will bring it down to. This is less than two years. This is going to happen quickly, that's what I'm signing today.This will be less than two years for a highway, so it's going to be quick, it's going to be a very streamlined process, and by the way, if it doesn't meet environmental safeguards, we are not going to approve it -- very simple.We're not going to approve it. So this is -- maybe this one will say, let's throw the other one away. Would anybody like it from the media? Would anybody like that long, beautiful chart, you can have it.So my Executive Order also requires agencies to work together efficiently by requiring one lead agency for each major infrastructure project. It also holds agencies accountable if they fail to streamline their review process, so each agency is accountable.We're going to get infrastructure built quickly, inexpensively, relatively speaking and the permitting process will go very, very quickly. No longer will we tolerate one job killing delay after another. No longer will we accept a broken system that benefits consultants and lobbyists at the expense of hard working Americans.Now, I knew the process very well -- probably better than anybody. I had to get permits for this building and many of the buildings I built. All of the buildings I built in Manhattan and many other places, and I will tell you that the consultants are rich people.They go around making it very difficult. They lobby congress, they lobby state government, city governments to make it very difficult so that you have to hire consultants and that you have to take years and pay them a fortune, so we're streamlining the process, and we won't be having so much of that anymore.No longer will we allow the infrastructure of our magnificent country to crumble and decay, while protecting the environment we will build gleaming new roads, bridges, railways, waterways, tunnels and highways.We will rebuild our country with American workers, American iron, American aluminum, American steel. We will create millions of new jobs and make millions of American dreams come true. Our infrastructure will again be the best in the world.We used to have the greatest infrastructure anywhere in the world, and today, we are like a third-world country. We are literally like a third-world country. Our infrastructure will again be the best, and we will restore the pride in our communities, our nation. And all over the United States, we will be proud again, so I want to thank everybody for being here.God bless you, God bless the United States. If you have any questions, Mick, you could come up here, please. Come on up. Mick Mulvaney. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask.Because they are not taking their job seriously as it pertains to this country. We want jobs, manufacturing in this country. If you look at some of those people that you are talking about, they are outside of the country. They are having a lot of their product made outside.If you look at Merck as an example, take a look where -- excuse me, excuse me -- take a look at where their product is made. It is made outside of our country. We want products made in the country, now I have to tell you, some of the folks that will leave, they're leaving out of embarrassment, because they made their products outside, and I have been lecturing them, including the gentleman that you are referring to, about you have to bring it back to this country.You can't do it necessarily in Ireland and all of these other places. You have to bring this work back to this country. That's what I want. I want manufacturing to be back into the United States so that American workers can benefit.I didn't wait long. I didn't wait long. I didn't wait long. I wanted to make sure, unlike most politicians, that what I said was correct, not make a quick statement.The statement I made on Saturday, the first statement, was a fine statement, but you don't make statements that direct unless you know the fact. And it takes a little while to get the facts. You still don't know the facts.And it is a very, very important process to me. It is a very important statement. So I don't want to go quickly and just make a statement for the sake of making a political statement. I want to know the facts. If you go back to my statement, in fact I brought it. I brought it.As I said on remember this, Saturday, we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence. It has no place in America. And then I went on from there.Now here is the thing. Excuse me, excuse me. Take it nice and easy. Here is the thing, when I make a statement, I like to be correct. I want the facts. This event just happened. A lot of the event didn't happen yet as we were speaking.This event just happened. Before I make a statement, I need the facts, so I don't want to rush into a statement. So making the statement when I made it was excellent.In fact, the young woman who I hear is a fantastic young woman and it was on NBC, her mother wrote me and said through I guess Twitter, social media, the nicest things, and I very much appreciated that.I hear she was a fine, really actually an incredible young woman, but her mother on Twitter, thanked me for what I said. Honestly, if the press were not fake and if it was honest, the press would have said what I said was very nice -- excuse me -- unlike you and unlike the media, before I make a statement, I like to know the facts.They didn't, they didn't. They don't. [Crosstalk]How about, how about, how about a couple of infrastructure questions.Say it, what?Not at all. I think the country -- look, you take a look. I've created over a million jobs since I have been president. The country is booming, the stock market is setting record, we have the highest employment numbers we've ever had in the history of our country.We are doing record business. We have the highest levels of enthusiasm, so the head of Walmart, who I know, who's a very nice guy, was making a political statement.I mean, I would do it the same way, you know why? Because I want to make sure when I make a statement that the statement is correct. And there was no way -- no way -- of making a correct statement that early. I had to see the facts, unlike a lot of reporters, unlike a lot of reporter.I didn't know David Duke was there. I wanted to see the facts.And the facts, as they started coming out, were very well-stated. In fact, everybody said his statement was beautiful. If he would have made it sooner, that would have been good. I couldn't have made it sooner, because I didn't know all of the facts. Frankly, people still don't know all of the facts. It was very important -- excuse me, excuse me. It was very important to me to get the facts out and correctly.Because if I would have made a fast statement and the first statement was made without knowing much other than what we were seeing. The second statement was made after it with knowledge, with great knowledge.There are still things -- excuse me. There are still things that people don't know. I want to make a statement with knowledge, I wanted to know the facts, okay.I think the driver of the car is a disgrace to himself, his family and this country. And that is -- you can call it terrorism, you can call it murder. You can call it whatever you want.I would just call it as the fastest one to come up with a good verdict. That's what I'd call it. And there is a question. Is it murder? Is it terrorism? Then you get into legal semantics. The driver of the car is a murderer, and what he did was a horrible, horrible, inexcusable thing.I never spoke to Mr. Bannon about it.Well, we'll see. And look, look, I like Mr. Bannon. He is a friend of mine, but Mr. Bannon came on very late. You know that. I went through 17 senators, governors and I won all the primariesMr. Bannon came on very much later than that, and I like him. He is a good man. He is not a racist -- I can tell you that. He is a good person, he actually gets very unfair press in that regard. We'll see what happens with Mr. Bannon.He's a good person, and I think the press treats him frankly very unfairly. Trump says 'we'll see what happens' Bannon'We'll see what happens' with strategist BannonI did that before. Senator McCain? Senator McCain. You mean the one that voted against Obamacare? Who is Senator McCain? You mean senator McCain who voted against us getting good health care?Well, I don't know. I can't tell you. I'm sure Senator McCain must know what he is talking about, but when you say the alt-right, define alt-right to me. You define it. Go ahead. Define it for me, come on, let's go.Okay, what about the alt-left that came charging at us -- excuse me -- what about the alt-left that came charging at the, as you say, the alt right? Do they have any semblance of guilt? [Crosstalk]What about this? What about the fact that they came charging -- they came charging with clubs in their hands swinging clubs? Do they have any problem? I think they do. [Crosstalk]As far as I'm concerned, that was a horrible, horrible day. Wait a minute, I'm not finished. I'm not finished, fake news. That was a horrible day. [Crosstalk]I will tell you something. I watched those very closely, much more closely than you people watched it. And you had, you had a group on one side that was bad. And you had a group on the other side that was also very violent. And nobody wants to say that, but I'll say it right now.You had a group -- you had a group on the other side that came charging in without a permit, and they were very, very violent.Those people -- all of those people, excuse me -- I've condemned neo-Nazis. I've condemned many different groups, but not all of those people were neo-Nazis, believe me. Not all of those people were white supremacists by any stretch.Those people were also there, because they wanted to protest the taking down of a statue Robert E. Lee. So -- excuse me -- and you take a look at some of the groups and you see, and you'd know it if you were honest reporters, which in many cases you're not.Many of those people were there to protest the taking down of the statue of Robert E. Lee. So this week, it's Robert E. Lee, I noticed that Stonewall Jackson's coming down. I wonder, is it George Washington next week? And is it Thomas Jefferson the week after. You know, you really do have to ask yourself, where does it stop? [Crosstalk]But, they were there to protest -- excuse me -- you take a look the night before, they were there to protest the taking down of the statue of Robert E. Lee. Infrastructure question. Go ahead.I would say that's up to a local town, community or the federal government, depending on where it is located.I think they've gotten better or the same -- look -- they have been frayed for a long time, and you can ask President Obama about that, because he'd make speeches about it. I believe that the fact that I brought in, it will be soon, millions of jobs, you see where companies are moving back into our country.I think that's going to have a tremendous positive impact on race relations. We have companies coming back into our country. We have two car companies that just announced. We have Foxconn in Wisconsin just announced. We have many companies, I'd say, pouring back into the country.I think that's going to have a huge, positive impact on race relations. You know why? It is jobs. What people want now, they want jobs. They want great jobs with good pay. And when they have that, you watch how race relations will be.And I'll tell you, we're spending a lot of money on the inner cities -- we are fixing the inner cities -- we are doing far more than anybody has done with respect to the inner cities. It is a priority for me, and it's very important.I am not putting anybody on a moral plane, what I'm saying is this: you had a group on one side and a group on the other, and they came at each other with clubs and it was vicious and horrible and it was a horrible thing to watch, but there is another side.There was a group on this side, you can call them the left. You've just called them the left, that came violently attacking the other group. So you can say what you want, but that's the way it is.I do think there is blame -- yes, I think there is blame on both sides. You look at, you look at both sides. I think there's blame on both sides, and I have no doubt about it, and you don't have any doubt about it either. And, and, and, and if you reported it accurately, you would say.Excuse me, they didn't put themselves down as neo-Nazis, and you had some very bad people in that group. But you also had people that were very fine people on both sides. You had people in that group -- excuse me, excuse me.I saw the same pictures as you did. You had people in that group that were there to protest the taking down, of to them, a very, very important statue and the renaming of a park from Robert E. Lee to another name.Oh no, George Washington was a slave owner. Was George Washington a slave owner? So will George Washington now lose his status? Are we going to take down -- excuse me. Are we going to take down, are we going to take down statues to George Washington?How about Thomas Jefferson? What do you think of Thomas Jefferson? You like him? Okay, good. Are we going to take down his statue? He was a major slave owner. Are we going to take down his statue?You know what? It's fine, you're changing history, you're changing culture, and you had people -- and I'm not talking about the neo-Nazis and the white nationalists, because they should be condemned totally -- but you had many people in that group other than neo-Nazis and white nationalists, okay?And the press has treated them absolutely unfairly. Now, in the other group also, you had some fine people, but you also had troublemakers and you see them come with the black outfits and with the helmets and with the baseball bats -- you had a lot of bad people in the other group too.No, no. There were people in that rally, and I looked the night before. If you look, they were people protesting very quietly, the taking down the statue of Robert E. Lee. I'm sure in that group there were some bad ones.The following day, it looked like they had some rough, bad people, neo-Nazis, white nationalists, whatever you want to call 'em. But you had a lot of people in that group that were there to innocently protest and very legally protest, because you know, I don't know if you know, but they had a permit.The other group didn't have a permit. So I only tell you this: there are two sides to a story. I thought what took place was a horrible moment for our country, a horrible moment. But there are two sides to the country. Does anybody have a final -- does anybody have a final question? You have an infrastructure question.Well, let me tell you. We came very close with health care. Unfortunately, John McCain decided to vote against it at the last minute. You'll have to ask him why he did that. We came very close to health care. We will end up getting health care.But we'll get the infrastructure, and actually, infrastructure's something I think we'll have bipartisan support on. I actually think -- I actually think Democrats will go along with the infrastructure.No. I will be reaching out, I'll be reaching out.I thought that the statement put out, the mother's statement I thought was a beautiful statement. I'll tell you -- it was something that I really appreciated. I thought it was terrific.And really under the kind of stress that she's under and the heartache she's under, I thought putting out that statement to me was really something I won't forget. Thank you all very much. Thank you.Did you know I own a house? It's in Charlottesville, oh boy. It's in Charlottesville, you'll see.It's a... it's a... it is the winery. [Crosstalk]I mean, I know a lot about Charlottesville. Charlottesville is a great place that's been very badly hurt over the last couple of days. I own -- I own actually one of the largest wineries in the United States. It's in Charlottesville.Well, I really think jobs are going to have a big impact. If we continue to create jobs -- over a million -- substantially more than a million, and you see just the other day, the car companies come in with Foxconn, I think if we continue to create jobs at levels that I'm creating jobs, I think that's going to have a tremendous impact -- positive impact -- on race relations.Because the people are going to be working and making a lot of money, much more than they ever thought possible. That's going to happen. And the other thing, very important, I believe wages will start going up. They haven't gone up for a long time.I believe wages now, because the economy is doing so well, with respect to employment and unemployment, I believe wages will start to go up. I think that'll have a tremendously positive impact on race relations. Thank you. [Crosstalk]Hello everybody. We're having some meetings. I know you're going to be watching a couple of them. We have a lot of people here today. A lot of subjects under discussion, including Venezuela, including, of course, North Korea and other things, and I think we're making tremendous headway.We'll be spending quite a bit of time here and then we, uh, through the weekend, as you know, towards at the end we go into Manhattan, where I have a lot of meetings scheduled in Manhattan. Any questions?Well, I don't think they mean that, and I think the first time they've heard it like they heard it, and frankly, the people that were questioning that statement, was it too tough? Maybe it wasn't tough enough. They've been doing this in our country for a long time for many years, and it's about time that somebody stuck up for the people of this country, and for the people of other countries.So, if anything, maybe that statement wasn't tough enough. And we're backed by a hundred percent by our military, we're backed by everybody. And we're backed by many other leaders. And I noticed that many Senators and others today came out very much in favor of what I said. But if anything, that statement may not be tough enough,Well, you'll see, you'll see.We don't talk about that. I never do. I'm not like the other administration, that would say we're going into Mosul in four months. I don't talk about it. We'll see what happens, but I can tell you that what they've been doing, and what they've been getting away with, is a tragedy and it can't be allowed.Sure, we'll always consider negotiations, but they've been negotiating now for 25 years. Look at Clinton. He folded on the negotiations. He was weak and ineffective. You look what happened with Bush. You look what happened with Obama. Obama, he didn't want to talk about it. But I talk. It's about time. Somebody has to do it. Somebody has to do it.I just wanted to get repeal and replace done. I've been hearing repeal and replace now for seven years, but I've only been doing this for two years, and I've really only been doing this for six months. But I've been running, so now it's almost two years, and all I hear is repeal and replace. And then I get there and I said where's the bill? I want to sign it, first day.And they don't have it. And they passed repeal and replace, but they never had a President, frankly, or a Senate, that was going to do it. But they never had a President. So it didn't matter. So I say very simply: where is repeal and replace? Now, I want tax reform and tax cuts. We're going to reduce taxes for the people. We pay more tax than anybody in the world, and we're going to reduce taxes.So I say: tax cuts, tax reform and I want a very big infrastructure bill, where we're working on that very hard already. And we can do that, and we may even get bipartisan on infrastructure. But we want to have it.But I said Mitch: get to work and let's get it done. They should have had this last one done. They lost by one vote. For a thing like that to happen is it disgrace and frankly, it shouldn't have happeed. That I can tell you. It shouldn't have happened.Well, I'll tell you what. If he doesn't get repeal and replace done, and if he doesn't get taxes done, meaning cuts and reform, and if he doesn't get a very easy one to get done, infrastructure, if he doesn't get them done, then you can ask me that question.You can ask me the question. That means ask me thatThe opioid crisis is an emergency, and I'm saying officially, right now, it is an emergency. It's a national emergency. We're going to spend a lot of time, a lot of effort and a lot of money on the opioid crisis.We're going to draw it up, and we're going to make it a national emergency. It is a serious problem, the likes of which we have never had. You know when I was growing up, they had the LSD, and they had certain generations of drugs.There's never been anything like what's happened to this country over the last four or five years, and I have to say this, in all fairness, this is a worldwide problem, not just the United States problem. This is happening worldwide, but this is a national emergency, and we are drawing documents now to so attest.There are no mixed-messages. There are no mixed-messages. I heard... I mean to be honest, General Mattis may have taken it a step beyond what I said. There are no mixed messages, and Rex was just, you know, stating the view...But look, here is the view. I said it yesterday. I don't have to say it again, and I'll tell you this: It may be tougher than I said it, not less. It may very well be tougher than I said. Okay, how about one more?The people of this country should be very comfortable, and I will tell you this: if North Korea does anything in terms of even thinking about attack of anybody that we love, or we represent, or our allies, or us, they can be very, very nervous.I'll tell you what, and they should be very nervous, because things will happen to them like they never thought possible, okay? He's been pushing the world around for a long time, and I have great respect for what China and what Russia did, and those 15... we got a 15 to nothing vote. I have great respect for China and Russia, what they did on sanctions. I believe that will have an effect.I don't think it will have the kind of effect, even though I was the one... we were the ones that got it, and Nikki Haley did a great job. We all did a great job. But I have great respect for what they did, I have great respect for the 15 to nothing, but probably it will not be as effective as a lot of people think it can be, unfortunate.I think China can do a lot more, yes. China can... and I think China will do a lot more. Look, we have trade with China. We lose hundreds of billions of dollars a year on trade with China. They know how I feel.It's not going to continue like that. But if China helps us, I feel a lot differently for trade, a lot differently for trade. So we will do.... I think...The people of our country are safe, our allies are safe, and I will tell you this: North Korea better get their act together, or they're going to be in trouble like few nations ever have been in trouble in this world. Okay? Thank you very much. We're going down to the other side, and we're going to take a few more questions, okay?Thank you very much. We appreciate it. We are having a meeting today. We actually had a much larger group than this. This is the finals. But we discussed many things. One of them obviously was North Korea. We discussed Venezuela.We discussed Afghanistan and the Middle East, generally. We had some very good meetings, some very good ideas, very good thoughts, and lot of decisions were made. This was a very important day, actually. We made a lot of decisions. With that, if you have any questions. Yes?Yeah, we're getting close. We're getting very close. It's a very big decision for me. I took over a mess, and we're going to make it a lot less messy. But that has been a place -- 17 years -- our longest war, I read in one of your columns. And, frankly, it's going to be a decision that's going to be made very soon.Yes, I do. General McMaster -- absolutely. He's our friend. He's my friend. And he's a very talented man. I like him and I respect him.No, no. Look, I have great respect for the community. I think I have great support -- or I've had great support from that community. I got a lot of votes. But the transgender -- the military is working on it now. They're doing the work. It's been a very difficult situation.And I think I'm doing a lot of people a favor by coming out and just saying it. As you know, it's been a very complicated issue for the military. It's been a very confusing issue for the military. And I think I'm doing the military a great favor.No. I want to thank him because we're trying to cut down on payroll. And as far as I'm concerned, I'm very thankful that he let go of a large number of people because now we have a smaller payroll. There's no real reason for them to go back. So I greatly appreciate the fact that they've been able to cut our payroll for the United States. We'll save a lot of money.I thought it was a very, very strong signal or whatever. I know Mr. Manafort. I haven't spoken to him in a long time, but I know him. He was with the campaign, as you know, for a very short period of time -- relatively short period of time. But I've always known him to be a good man.I thought it was a very, you know -- they do that very seldom. So I was surprised to see it. I was very, very surprised to see it. We haven't really been involved.Excuse me?No, I have not. I have not. But to do that early in the morning, whether or not is was appropriate, you'd have to ask them. I've always found Paul Manafort to be a very decent man. And he's like a lot of other people -- probably makes consultant fees from all over the place. Who knows. I don't know. But I thought that was a very -- that was pretty tough stuff, to wake him up. Perhaps his family was there. I think that's pretty tough stuff.It's fine. It is what it is. It's fine. He's working hard on the border. I'm very proud of what we've done on the border. I'm very proud of General Kelly, what he's done on the border. One of the reasons he's my Chief of Staff right now is because he did such an outstanding job at the border.We're down 78 percent. Nobody thought that would be -- I mean, in the old days, with other administrations, if you were down 1 percent, it was considered a big thing. We're down 78 percent at the border, and nobody thought that was possible. So I'm very proud of General Kelly. He's now Chief of Staff.At the same time, I'm very proud of what we've done over the last six months, between Supreme Court, between tremendous amounts of legislation that's been passed. We had 42 to 48 bills passed. I'm not talking about just executive orders, I'm talking about bills passed.We had massive executive orders. We got rid of record-setting amounts of regulations, and a lot of it is statutory, where it's a 90-day period that you have to wait. Then it's another 90-day period, and you have to wait 30 days. Much more is coming now.And I believe in regulation. You have to have to some regulation. But we're going to have a small percentage of regulation compared to what we have. And I think that's why you see business enthusiasm is the highest it's been in 18 years; why unemployment is the lowest it's been in 18 yearsAnd the unemployment rate just came out; it's the lowest it's been in 18 years. And with that being said, we have companies moving into the United States, whether it's Foxconn. You saw the two large auto companies moving back; probably they'll go to Michigan, but they're negotiating with various states. We have had -- we have done a lot in a short period of time. So I'm very proud of it. I think that General Kelly is going to be a fantastic Chief of Staff, however.We are going to look at what's happening in Asia. We're looking at it right now. We're constantly looking at it. I don't like to signal what I'm going to be doing, but we are certainly looking at it. And obviously we're spending a lot of time looking at -- in particular, North Korea.And we are preparing for many different, alternative events if North Korea -- if -- he has disrespected our country greatly. He has said things that are horrific. And with me, he's not getting away with it. He got away with it for a long time, between him and his family. He's not getting away with it. It's a whole new ballgame.And he's not going to be saying those things, and he's certainly not going to be doing those things. I read about, 'We're in Guam by August 15th.' Let's see what he does with Guam. If he does something in Guam, it will be an event the likes of which nobody has seen before -- what will happen in North Korea.You'll see. You'll see. And he'll see. He will see.It's not a dare, it's a statement. It has nothing to do with dare. That's a statement. He's not going to go around threatening Guam, and he's not going to threaten the United States. And he's not going to threaten Japan, and he's not going to threaten South Korea. No, that's not a dare, as you say. That is a statement of fact.Yeah. Nuclear to me -- number one: I would like to de-nuke the world. I know that President Obama said global warming is the biggest threat. I totally disagree. I say that it's a simple one: Nuclear is our greatest threat worldwide. Not even a question, not even close. So I'd like to de-nuke the world. I would like Russia and the United States and China and Pakistan, and many other countries that have nuclear weapons, get rid of them.But until such time as they do, we will be the most powerful nuclear nation on Earth by far. The first order I gave to my generals, as you know -- you know, Mike -- my first order was: I want this, our nuclear arsenal, to be the biggest and the finest in the world. And we spent a lot of money, a lot of time, and a lot of effort.And it's in tip-top shape, and getting better and getting stronger. And until such time as this scourge disappears, we will be so much better and so much stronger than anybody else. And nobody, including North Korea, is going to be threatening us with anything.We've done a lot of modernization, but we've done a lot of renovation. And we have it now in very, very good shape. And it will be in much better shape over the next six months to a year. It's a very important thing. Actually, it was the first -- the military is very important to me. As you know, I did extremely well with the military vote, Mike and I.But we are -- my first order was, we have to do the military, but before we do the military per se, we're going to do the nuclear. And we are in very strong shape. We are going to be increasing our budget by many billions of dollars because of North Korea and other reasons having to do with the anti-missile. So we are going to be increasing our budget by many billions of dollars. We'll probably be able to report that over the next week.As you know, we reduced it by 5 percent, but I've decided I don't want that. We're going to be increasing the anti-missiles by a substantial amount of billions of dollars.I don't think Iran is in compliance. We wrote them a very tough letter to the -- as you know, to the Congress. I personally don't think they're in compliance. But we have time, and we're going to see. We also put down a lot of defaults, or potential default situations. I don't think they're living up to the spirit of the agreement.President Obama in his wisdom gave them $150 billion. He gave them $1.8 billion in cash, which is -- that's a hard one to figure. But that was his decision. I think it's a horrible agreement. But they are not in compliance with the agreement, and they are certainly not in the spirit of the agreement in compliance.And I think you'll see some very strong things taking place if they don't get themselves in compliance. But I do not believe they are in compliance right now.Yeah, sure. We're looking. We're always looking. You have two leaks. You have the leaks coming out of intelligence and various departments having to do with Syria, having to do with all sorts of different places, having to do, frankly, with North Korea.And those are very serious. And then you have the leaks where people want to love me and they're all fighting for love. [Laughter] Those are not very important, but certainly we don't like them. Those are little inner-White House leaks. They're not very important. But, actually, I'm somewhat honored by them.But the important leaks to me -- and they're leaks that the Attorney General is looking at very strongly -- are the leaks coming out of intelligence. And we have to stop them for the security and the national security of our country.No, not notes. We're working with him. I mean, we have a situation which is very unusual. Everybody said there's no collusion. If you look at the counsels that come in, we have a Senate hearing, we have judiciary, we have intelligence, and we have a House hearing. And everybody walks out, even the enemies, and they said, no, there is no collusion, there's no collusion.So they're investigating something that never happened. There was no collusion between us and Russia. In fact, the opposite. Russia spent a lot of money on fighting me. And if you think about it, I want a strong military. You see our budget is up by -- it will be hundreds of billions of dollars, our military budget. Russia doesn't like that. Hillary was going to cut the budget substantially, the military budget.Russia is -- very important for Russia -- oil. Oil and gas. We are now an exporter -- because of an incredible six months that I have -- an exporter of oil and gas. That's bad for Russia.I always said, I don't think Russia wants me because I want a strong military and I want low energy prices. Energy is a disaster. Low energy prices is a disaster for Russia. Additionally, it seems that Russia spent a lot of money on that false report, and that was Russian money, and I think it was Democrat money, too. You could say that was collusion. Plus, the Democrats colluded on the Ukraine.So they colluded. And then when you get down to it, why isn't the FBI looking at the DNC server? You have a server that they refuse -- the Democrats refuse to give to the FBI. Now, I don't know how the FBI can investigate something if the DNC, the Democrats, refuse to give the server.So we have an investigation of something that never took place. And all I say is, work with them -- because this is an event that never took place. Now, as far as somebody else, where did they file the right papers or did they forget to file a paper, you know, I guarantee if you went around to look at everybody that made a speech or whatever these people did, that's up to them.Did they do something wrong because they didn't file the right document or whatever? Perhaps. You'll have to look at them. But I guarantee you this: Probably a lot of people in Washington did the same thing.Well, we'll have to see. I'm not sure that we will bring them in. I mean, maybe we'll bring them in, maybe not. I think the infrastructure bill will be bipartisan. In fact, frankly, it may have more support from the Democrats. I want a very strong infrastructure bill.We've, as of this moment, spent over $6 trillion in the Middle East. As far as I'm concerned, when I say "spent," we've wasted $6 trillion in the Middle East, and yet we can't fix our roads and our bridges and our schools and our airports. And I think that's a very sad situation. So I'm very strong on infrastructure, and a lot of Republicans are, but I know a lot of Democrats are also. I think that will work out. I think it's going to work out very well.I haven't given it any thought. I mean, I've been reading about it from you people. You say, oh, I'm going to dismiss him. No, I'm not dismissing anybody. I mean, I want them to get on with the task, but I also want the Senate and the House to come out with their findings.Now, judging from the people leaving the meetings -- leaks -- but they leave the meetings all the time and they say, no, we haven't found any collusion. There is no collusion. You know why? Because I don't speak to Russians.Look, I won because I suppose I was a much better candidate than her. I won because I went to Wisconsin, I went to Michigan, I won Pennsylvania. I fought a smart battle. That's why I win. I didn't win because of Russia. Russia had nothing to do with me winning.We had a great team, and I guess I did a good job. And you know what, honestly, they spent much more money than I did, by a lot. You know that. They spent a lot more money, and, honestly, they did not do a very good job of campaigning.No.Elaine is doing a very good job. We're very proud of Elaine as Secretary of Transportation -- as you know -- as you said, Mitch's wife. She is doing a very, very good job. I'm very disappointed in Mitch. But if he gets these bills passed, I'll be very happy with him.I'll be the first to admit it. But honestly, repeal and replace of Obamacare should have taken place, and it should have been on my desk virtually the first week that I was there -- or the first day that I was there. I've been hearing about it for seven years.So repeal and replace should have taken place. The tax bill, tax cuts, tax reform, hopefully they get that done. I hope they get it done. And the other thing would be the infrastructure bill.In addition to that -- you know, we've passed a lot of things. We passed accountability with the VA. We passed a lot. We're doing a lot of great work at the VA. And we're doing a lot of great work all over. You look at what's happening with the coal industry where they're putting on -- I mean, I looked at West Virginia the other day -- I was in West Virginia making a speech, and they are doing great as a state.The great governor of West Virginia, Jim -- who you saw -- he just became a Republican. He left. This is the first time in many, many years that a thing like that's happened. He just left the Democratic Party and he became a Republican, which was a great moment. Hasn't happened in many years.So we're very, very happy with what's happened. We think it's been an incredible six months. We've done a lot of record-setting business. It's incredible. You look at what's going on with the economy. And, you know, to me, very important, you look at the enthusiasm of businesses. You look at companies moving back in. You just saw on Friday the two big car companies that are coming in.You saw last week, Foxconn. They make the Apple iPhones -- they make all of it -- desktops. They're the biggest in the world. They're coming into Wisconsin with an unbelievable plant like we've never seen before.And I actually said to Tim Cook of Apple -- I said, you know, Tim, I won't consider myself successful as President unless I see you start building those big, beautiful plants that you have all over China -- if you start building them in the United States. And he's going to do that.Well, it's different intelligence. I have Mike Pompeo. I have great confidence in him. That doesn't mean I had confidence in his predecessor. Okay? Which I didn't, actually, although --Although he did say good things about me. He did say he had no information or no anything on collusion. So I shouldn't maybe say that, but I will say it. But I have tremendous confidence in Mike Pompeo. Dan Coats, fantastic. I mean, we have people. I think your new head of the FBI is going to be -- I think I've done a great service for this country. I think that Christopher will do a fantastic job as the head of the FBI.So, look, nobody has greater respect for intelligence than Donald Trump, but you have to have the right leaders. I think we have great leaders right now. And you can look at the intelligence over the years. It was intelligence that got people to make one of the worst decisions ever made in the history of our country -- going into Iraq. Because they said there were no weapons.You know, you look at it -- it ended up being there were no weapons of mass destruction. I mean, listening to them, they said weapons of mass destruction were all over the place, but they were not there. That was intelligence.I have great respect for intelligence as led by the people that I have in charge now. We have great people, and I think it's going to lead us to tremendous victories. And that's what we need.It's telling me a lot of things, but you'll probably find out about it before anybody else, right? [Laughter] With your leaks. We got to stop the leaks. The leaks are very dangerous for our country. But I have great respect for the intelligence community. And I think with the leadership we have right now, hopefully it will be a very, very successful eight years for this country. And then, after that, we'll continue onward.But we have a lot of things we have to straighten out. You have the Middle East, you have North Korea. We have a lot of places of tremendous conflict and tremendous danger for this country.I will say, getting the 15-0 vote at the United Nations from the Security Council the other day, that's something that very few Presidents would have been able to get. And I have great respect for the fact that China and Russia went along with it.That was a tremendous day for the United States. I think it will have a strong impact on North Korea. I don't know that it will be the end all, but I think it will be a very, very -- I think it will have a big impact on North Korea and what they're doing.Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.Thank you very much. Please. I'm very happy to announce that, with zero of the Democrats' votes, the motion to proceed on healthcare has just passed, and now we move forward towards truly great healthcare for the American people. We look forward to that. This was a big step.I want to thank Senator John McCain -- very brave man. He made a tough trip to get here and vote. So we want to thank Senator McCain and all of the Republicans. We passed it without one Democrat vote. And that's a shame but that's the way it is, and it's very unfortunate.But I want to congratulate American people because we're going to give you great healthcare. And we're going to get rid of Obamacare which should have been, frankly, terminated long ago. It's been a disaster for the American people. Thank you very much.Good afternoon and thank you all for being here. It is my honor to welcome Prime Minister Saad Hariri of Lebanon to the White House. The Prime Minister and I have just concluded an extensive conversation about the challenges and opportunities facing Lebanon and its neighbors. Lebanon is on the front lines in the fight against ISIS, Al Qaeda, and Hizballah.The Lebanese people, of all faiths, are working together to keep -- and you know this, and we've been discussing this at great length -- their country safe and prosperous. They love their country, and they're going to keep it safe and prosperous.Mr. Prime Minister, I want to commend you and your people for standing up for humanity in a very troubled part of the world. The ties between our two countries stretch back more than a century. Long, long relationships.In 1866, American missionaries founded the American University of Beirut. Now, more than 150 years later -- and with ongoing American support -- this university continues to educate generations of leaders in the region.Today, our two countries seek to strengthen our relationship in many ways, including the pursuit of stability, mutual prosperity, and peace. What the Lebanese Armed Forces have accomplished in recent years is very impressive. In 2014, when ISIS tried to invade northern Lebanon, the Lebanese army beat them back. Since that time, the Lebanese army has been fighting continually to guard Lebanon's border and prevent ISIS and other terrorists -- of which there are many -- from gaining a foothold inside their country.The United States military has been proud to help in that fight and will continue to do so. America's assistance can help ensure that the Lebanese army is the only defender Lebanon needs. It's a very effective fighting force.Threats to the Lebanese people come from inside, as well. Hizballah is a menace to the Lebanese state, the Lebanese people, and the entire region. The group continues to increase its military arsenal, which threatens to start yet another conflict with Israel, constantly fighting them back.With the support of Iran, the organization is also fueling the humanitarian catastrophe in Syria. Hizballah likes to portray itself as a defender of Lebanese interests, but it's very clear that its true interests are those of itself and its sponsor -- Iran.I have repeatedly emphasized that Syria's neighbors in the Middle East must take responsibility for helping Syrian refugees until they can return home and rebuild their country. The Lebanese people have led the way, accepting more Syrian refugees per capita than any other nation. It's not even close.I want to thank the Prime Minister and the Lebanese people for giving shelter to those victimized by ISIS, the Assad regime, and their supporters and sponsors, and pledge our continued support to Lebanon.Since the start of the Syrian crisis, the United States has helped Lebanon support Syrian refugees with clean water, food, shelter, and health care. Our approach, supporting the humanitarian needs of displaced Syrian citizens as close to their home country as possible, is the best way to help most people. America is proud to stand with those who have the courage to stand up to terrorism and take responsibility for affairs in their own region.The reliance and resilience of the Lebanese people in the face of war and terror is extraordinary. We honor the citizens of Lebanon who are working to secure a future of peace, stability, and prosperity for their children.Mr. Prime Minister, I'm grateful that you're here today. It's a big day in our country because of the vote that you just heard about. We stood and watched the results on television before coming out, and you found it very interesting, I hope ---- and very important. I look forward to working with you to strengthen our partnership and the enduring friendship between the American and Lebanese peoples. Thank you very much. Mr. Prime Minister.Thank you very much. Margaret Talev, please.Hello, Margaret.Well, I don't think I am doing that, but I am disappointed in the Attorney General. He should not have recused himself almost immediately after he took office. And if he was going to recuse himself, he should have told me prior to taking office, and I would have, quite simply, picked somebody else. So I think that's a bad thing not for the President, but for the presidency. I think it's unfair to the presidency. And that's the way I feel. Thank you.You don't give up. That's okay.I'll be making my position very clear over the next 24 hours. We're going to see what is exactly taking place. I have meetings with some of my very expert military representatives and others, so I'll be making that decision very shortly. Okay? Thank you.Whose role?I'll be talking about that tomorrow.Blake Burman. Thank you. Hello, Blake.I want the Attorney General to be much tougher on the leaks from intelligence agencies, which are leaking like rarely have they ever leaked before, at a very important level. These are intelligence agencies. We cannot have that happen. You know many of my views in addition to that, but I think that's one of the very important things that they have to get on with.I told you before, I'm very disappointed with the Attorney General, but we will see what happens. Time will tell. Time will tell. On healthcare, I'm extremely happy that we got this vote. They say, if you look historically, this is the tough vote to get. Now we're all going to sit together and we're going to try and come up with something that's really spectacular. We have a lot of options, and a lot of great options. And the Republican senators really went out there.It's not easy when you have 52 senators and you have a bloc of 48 voting against you. No matter what it is, no matter how good it sounds, it's very hard to get the kind of numbers that we got. We ended up with 51 votes -- 51 to whatever. I don't know what it is. Yeah, 51-50.So we had two Republicans that went against us, which is very sad, I think. It's very, very sad -- for them. But I'm very, very happy with the result. I believe now we will, over the next week or two, come up with a plan that's going to be really, really wonderful for the American people.Obamacare is a disaster. It's failing on every front. It's too expensive. It gives horrible coverage. It was gotten by a lie, 28 times. It was a lie. "You can keep your doctor, you can keep your plan" -- all lies. And the people are sick of it. And we're going to come up with a great healthcare that satisfies the needs of the people that we serve, which is the people of the United States.I will say -- and I said it right at the beginning -- healthcare is always difficult because you have to weed a very, very narrow path, like a quarter of an inch wide, right down the middle. And if you go a little bit too far right, you lose three people on the left. And if you go a little bit too far left, you lose five people on the right.It is a very, very complex and difficult task, but it's something I actually know quite a bit about. I want to just thank some of the Republican senators, who were really fantastic in getting us here, in particular John McCain for making the trip. But I think you're going to have a great healthcare. This is the beginning of the end for the disaster known as Obamacare. Thank you very much.Well, we are helping. And one of the things that we have made tremendous strides at is getting rid of ISIS. We have generals that don't like to talk; they like to do. And we were with General Mattis last night, and the success they've had against ISIS is extraordinary. We've made more progress in the last four or five months than previous -- really, I could say, the previous administration made in eight years.And then we have to see what we have to see. But I will tell you, ISIS in Syria, ISIS in Iraq, ISIS in other locations -- we have made tremendous strides. Our military is an incredible fighting force. And as you know, I let the commanders on the ground do what they had to do. Before, they used to have to call in this beautiful house and speak to people that didn't know what was happening -- where they were, what locations -- practically, probably never heard of the countries they were talking about, or the towns.I let the generals do what they had to do. And we have made tremendous plans. We were discussing it just before. We have made tremendous gains with respect to ISIS in Syria, Iraq, and other places. Thank you.Assad?I'm not a fan of Assad, okay? He will tell you that, because we hit 58 out of 58, or, you could even say, 59 out of 59, when we launched the Tomahawk missiles. No, I am not a fan of Assad. I certainly think that what he's done to that country and to humanity is horrible. So, I have been saying that for a long time. I am not somebody that will stand by and let him get away with what he tried to do.And he did it a number of times -- when President Obama drew the red line in the sand. And then he should have crossed that red line, because some horrible acts against humanity took place, including gas and the killing through gases.That was a bad day for this country. And I'd go a step further that, had President Obama gone across that line and done what he should have done, I don't believe you'd have Russia and I don't believe you'd have Iran to anywhere near the extent, and maybe not at all, in Syria today. Thank you very much.Thank you very much, everybody. Appreciate it. Thank you.Mr. Prime Minister, thank you.Well, thank you very much, President Macron. And Melania and I are thrilled to join you and Mrs. Macron. This is a wonderful national celebration, and we look very much forward to it. It'll be spectacular. Tomorrow, Bastille Day.We're honored to be here in your beautiful country -- and it certainly is a beautiful country, with its proud history and its magnificent people -- and thank you for the tour of some of the most incredible buildings anywhere in the world. That was a very, very, very beautiful thing to see. Thank you.When the French people rose up and stormed the Bastille, it changed the course of human history. Our two nations are forever joined together by the spirit of revolution and the fight for freedom. France is America's first and oldest ally. A lot of people don't know that.Ever since General Lafayette joined the American fight for independence, our fates and fortunes have been tied, unequivocally, together. It was a long time ago, but we are together. And I think together, perhaps, more so than ever. The relationship is very good.This visit also commemorates another milestone. One century ago, the United States entered World War I. And when the president called me, he had mentioned that fact. A hundred years ago. And that was -- I said, "Mr. President, I will be there. That's a big, important date. One hundred years."We remember the tens of thousands of Americans who gave their lives in that valiant and very difficult struggle. We also pay tribute to the heroic deeds of the French troops whose courage at the Battle of Marne and countless other battles will never be forgotten by us. More than 1 million French soldiers laid down their lives in defense of liberty. Their sacrifice is an eternal tribute to France and to freedom.French and American patriots have fought together, bled together and died together in the fight for our countries and our civilizations. Today, we face new threats from rogue regimes like North Korea, Iran and Syria, and the governments that finance and support them. We also face grave threats from terrorist organizations that wage war on innocent lives.Tomorrow will mark one year since a joyous Bastille Day celebration in Nice turned into a massacre. We all remember that, how horrible that was. We mourn the 86 lives that were stolen. And we pray for their loved ones. We also renew our resolve to stand united against these enemies of humanity, and to strip them of their territory, their funding, their networks and ideological support.Today, President Macron and myself discussed how we can strengthen our vital security partnerships. Just had a meeting with our generals and our representatives, and it went very well. France has excellent counterterrorism capabilities. The French troops are serving bravely in places like Mali to defeat these forces of murder and destruction. The United States and our allies strengthen our commitment to defeat terrorism.We're also making tremendous progress. Earlier this week, with the strong support of the United States and the global coalition, Iraq forces liberated the city of Mosul from ISIS control. Now we must work with the government of Iraq and our partners and allies in the region to consolidate the gains and ensure that the victory stays a victory, unlike the last time.Last week, the G-20 leaders also reaffirmed the right to sovereign nations to control their borders. We must be strong from within to defend ourselves from threats from the outside.The nations of the West also face domestic challenges of our own creation, including vast government bureaucracy that saps the strength from our economies and from our societies. For this reason, I applaud President Macron on his courageous call for that less bureaucracy -- it's a good chant -- less bureaucracy -- we can use it, too -- and a Europe that protects its citizens.We did not become great through regulation, and in the United States, Mr. President, we also have cut regulations at a level that we've never seen before. So we're very proud of that over the last six months. But by allowing our people to follow their dreams, that's what it's all about.To achieve these dreams, however, we must also confront unfair trade practices that hurt our workers, and pursue trade deals that are reciprocal and fair. Both President Macron and I understand our responsibility to prioritize the interests of our countries, and at the same time to be respectful of the world in which we live. We live in a very complex world. We have to respect it.The United States remains committed to being a leader in environmental protection, while we advance energy security and economic growth. The friendship between our two nations and ourselves, I might add, is unbreakable. Our occasional disagreements are nothing compared to the immortal bonds of culture, destiny and liberty that unite us -- so strongly unite us also.As long as we have pride in who we are, where we've come from, how we got here, and what we've achieved as free and democratic nations, then there is nothing we cannot accomplish together. France helped us secure our independence. A lot of people forget. In the American Revolution, thousands of French soldiers fought along-side American troops so that, as Lafayette said, "liberty would have a country."Ever since then, courageous heroes from both nations have fought for the same noble values and the same righteous cause. Tomorrow, the French tricolor will once again wave proudly along-side the American stars and stripes. Our brave soldiers will march side by side and we will all be inspired to protect and cherish the birthright of freedom that our ancestors won for us with their sweat and with their blood.President Macron, thank you for inviting Melania and myself to this historic celebration, and to you and your spectacular country, may God bless France and may God bless America. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. President.He's getting the first question? The president? [Crosstalk]I think that I can reiterate. We have a very good relationship, a good friendship. And we look forward to dinner tonight at the Eiffel Tower. That'll be something special. And yes, I mean, something could happen with respect to the Paris Accord. We'll see what happens. But we will talk about that over the coming period of time. And if it happens, that'll be wonderful. And if it doesn't, that'll be OK too. But we'll see what happens. But we did discuss many things today, including the cease-fire in Syria. We discussed the Ukraine. We discussed a lot of different topics. We briefly hit on the Paris Accord, and we'll see what happens, OK? Yes, ma'am?Well, I'll start off by saying, first of all, I believe that we will have a great FBI director. I think he's doing really well. And we're very proud of that choice. I think I've done a great service to the country by choosing him. He -- he will make us all proud, and I think someday we'll see that, and hopefully someday soon. So, we're very proud of him.As far as my son is concerned, my son is a wonderful young man. He took a meeting with a Russian lawyer. Not a government lawyer, but a Russian lawyer. It was a short meeting. It was a meeting that went very, very quickly, very fast. Two other people in the room, they -- I guess one of them left almost immediately and the other one was not really focused on the meeting.I do think this. I think from a practical standpoint most people would've taken that meeting. It's called opposition research, or even research into your opponent. I've had many people -- I have only been in politics for two years, but I've had many people call up, "Oh gee, we have information on this factor or this person or, frankly, Hillary."That's very standard in politics. Politics is not the nicest business in the world, but it's very standard where they have information and you take the information. In the case of Don, he listened. I guess they talked about -- as I see it, they talked about adoption and some things. Adoption wasn't even a part of the campaign. But nothing happened from the meeting, zero happened from the meeting. And honestly, I think the press made a very big deal over something that really a lot of people would do.Now, the lawyer that went to the meeting, I see that she was in the halls of Congress also. Somebody said that her visa or her passport, to come into the country, was approved by Attorney General Lynch. Now, maybe that's wrong, I just heard that a little while ago, but a little surprised to hear that. So, she was here because of Lynch.So, again, I have a son who's a great young man. He's fine person. Took a meeting from a lawyer from Russia. It lasted for a very short period and nothing came of the meeting. And I think it's a meeting that most people in politics probably would have taken. Mr. President?What a good answer that is. [Laughter]One of the great things that came out of that meeting, by the way, even though it's not part of the question, was the fact that we got a cease-fire -- fire that now has lasted for, I guess, Mr. President, almost five days. And while five days doesn't sound like a long period of time, in terms of a cease-fire in Syria, that's a very long period of time. And that was a result of having communication with a country.So, during that five-year -- five-day period a lot of lives have been saved, a lot of people were not killed. No shots have been fired in a very, very dangerous part of the world and this is one of the most dangerous parts of Syria itself.So, by having some communication and dialogue, we were able to have the cease-fire and it's going to go on for a while. And frankly, we're working on a second cease-fire in a very rough part of Syria. And if we get that, and a few more, all of a sudden you're going to have no bullets being fired in Syria. And that would be a wonderful thing. Mr. President, you have a question.You better let me answer that one first. That's a beauty. [Laughter] He's the one that asked the question; that wasn't even one of my picks. You know what? It's going to be just fine because you have a great president. You have somebody that's going to run this country right. And I would be willing to bet, because I think this is one of the great cities, one of the most beautiful cities in the world.And you have a great leader now. You have a great president. You have a tough president. He's not going to be easy on people that are breaking the laws and people that show this tremendous violence. So I really have a feeling that you're going to have a very, very peaceful and beautiful Paris. And I'm coming back. You better do a good job, please, otherwise you're going to make me look very bad. [Laughter]Thank you.Well, he's a friend of mine. I have great respect for him. We've gotten to know each other very well. A great leader. He's a very talented man. I think he's a very good man. He loves China. I can tell you, he loves China. He wants to do what's right for China. We've asked him for some assistance with respect to North Korea. Probably he could do a little bit more, but we'll find out.We're now working on some trade deals. He's been very nice. He's let, as you know, beef go back in, certain financing go back in, credit card financing, and various other things go back in, at my request, which is a great thing for our farmers. So, lot of good things are happening. But we're going to be working on some very major trade components. But President Xi is a terrific guy. I like being with him a lot. Any he's a very special person. OK? Thank you.So I was asked to go by the President, who I get along with very well, despite a lot of fake news. You know, I actually have a very good relationship with all of the people at the G20. And he called me, he said, would you come, it's Bastille Day -- 100 years since World War I. And I said, that's big deal, 100 years since World War I. So we're going to go, I think we're going to have a great time, and we're going to do something good. And he's doing a good job. He's doing a good job as President.A big thing we have with China was, if they could help us with North Korea, that would be great. They have pressures that are tough pressures, and I understand. And you know, don't forget, China, over the many years, has been at war with Korea -- you know, wars with Korea. It's not like, oh, gee, you just do whatever we say. They've had numerous wars with Korea.They have an 8,000 year culture. So when they see 1776 -- to them, that's like a modern building. The White House was started -- was essentially built in 1799. To us, that's really old. To them, that's like a super modern building, right? So, you know, they've had tremendous conflict over many, many centuries with Korea. So it's not just like, you do this. But we're going to find out what happens.Very important to me with China, we have to fix the trade. We have to fix the trade. And I've been going a little bit easier because I'd like to have their help. It's hard to go [Portion of transcript not released by White House]. But we have to fix the trade with China because it's very, very none-reciprocal.Nobody has ever said it before. I say it all the time. Somebody said, what cards do you have? I said, very simple -- trade. We are being absolutely devastated by bad trade deals. We have the worst of all trade deals is with China.We have a bad deal with South Korea. We're just starting negotiations with South Korea. South Korea, we protect, but we're losing $40 billion a year with South Korea on trade. We have a trade deficit of $40 billion. The deal just came up.That was another Hillary Clinton beauty. Remember she said it was five-year deal, and now it's an extension period. She said this will put jobs in our country. She said we'll make money with it. Great. We're losing $40 billion a year. It's a horrible deal. So we're starting -- we started, as of yesterday, renegotiating the deal with South Korea. We have to.But the biggest strength we have are these horrendous trade deals, like with China. That's our strength. But we're going to fix them. But in terms of North Korea, our strength is trade.Well, yeah, when I say reciprocal -- you make reciprocal deals, you're talking about hundreds of billions of dollars. But before I did that, I wanted to give it a good shot. Let's see. And they helped us. I have a very good relationship with him. I think he's a tremendous guy. But don't forget. He's for China. I'm for the U.S. So that's always going to be.So he could be a tremendous guy, but he's going to do what's good for China. And he doesn't want 50 million people pouring across his border. You know, there are a lot of things. I understand the other side. You always have to understand the other side.Steel is a big problem. Steel is -- I mean, they're dumping steel. Not only China, but others. We're like a dumping ground, okay? They're dumping steel and destroying our steel industry, they've been doing it for decades, and I'm stopping it. It'll stop.There are two ways -- quotas and tariffs. Maybe I'll do both.No, I think, first, I want to do -- well, we have a few things. We have a thing called healthcare. I'm sure you haven't been reading about it too much. It is one of the -- I'd say the only thing more difficult than peace between Israel and the Palestinians is healthcare. It's like this narrow road that about a quarter of an inch wide. You get a couple here and you say, great, and then you find out you just lost four over here. Healthcare is tough.But I think we're going to have something that's really good and that people are going to like. We're going to find out over the next -- you know, we just extended for two weeks. Which, that's a big --No, not joking, no. There is a chance that we can do a solar wall. We have major companies looking at that. Look, there's no better place for solar than the Mexico border -- the southern border. And there is a very good chance we can do a solar wall, which would actually look good. But there is a very good chance we could do a solar wall.One of the things with the wall is you need transparency. You have to be able to see through it. In other words, if you can't see through that wall -- so it could be a steel wall with openings, but you have to have openings because you have to see what's on the other side of the wall.And I'll give you an example. As horrible as it sounds, when they throw the large sacks of drugs over, and if you have people on the other side of the wall, you don't see them -- they hit you on the head with 60 pounds of stuff? It's over. As crazy as that sounds, you need transparency through that wall. But we have some incredible designs.But we are seriously looking at a solar wall. And remember this, it's a 2,000 mile border, but you don't need 2,000 miles of wall because you have a lot of natural barriers. You have mountains. You have some rivers that are violent and vicious. You have some areas that are so far away that you don't really have people crossing. So you don't need that. But you'll need anywhere from 700 to 900 miles.Plus we have some wall that's already up that we're already fixing. You know, we've already started the wall because we're fixing large portions of wall right now. We're taking wall that was good but it's in very bad shape, and we're making it new. We're fixing it. It's already started. So we've actually, in the true sense -- you know, there's no reason to take it down or [Portion of transcript not released by White House]. So in a true sense, we've already started the wall.Don is -- as many of you know Don -- he's a good boy. He's a good kid. And he had a meeting, nothing happened with the meeting. It was a short meeting as he told me -- because I only heard about it two or three days ago.As he told me, the meeting went -- and it was attended by a couple of other people who -- one of them left after a few minutes -- which is Jared. The other one was playing with his iPhone. Don listened, out of politeness, and realized it wasn't...Honestly, in a world of politics, most people are going to take that meeting. If somebody called and said, hey -- and you're a Democrat -- and by the way, they have taken them -- hey, I have really some information on Donald Trump. You're running against Donald Trump. Can I see you? I mean, how many people are not going to take the meeting?What meeting?He didn't say that. No. He said, I think he accepted it, but you'd have to ask him. That's a big difference. So I said, very simply -- and the first 45 minutes, don't forget, most of the papers said I'd never bring it up. Had to be the first 20 to 25 minutes.And I said to him, were you involved with the meddling in the election? He said, absolutely not. I was not involved. He was very strong on it. I then said to him again, in a totally different way, were you involved with the meddling. He said, I was not -- absolutely not.Somebody said later to me, which was interesting. Said, let me tell you, if they were involved, you wouldn't have found out about it. Okay, which is a very interesting point.What I said, I asked him, were you involved? He said, very strongly -- said to him a second time -- totally different -- were you involved? Because we can't let that happen. And I mean whether it's Russia or anybody else, we can't let there be even a scintilla of doubt when it comes to an election. I mean, I'm very strong on that.And I'm not saying it wasn't Russia. What I'm saying is that we have to protect ourselves no matter who it is. You know, China is very good at this. I hate to say it, North Korea is very good at this. Look what they did to Sony Studios. They were the ones that did the whole deal to Sony. You know, we're dealing with highly sophisticated people.So, China is very good. You have many countries. And you have many individuals that are very good at this. But we can't have -- and I did say, we can't have a scintilla of doubt as our elections and going forward.I told him. I said, look, we can't -- we can't have -- now, he said absolutely not twice. What do you do? End up in a fistfight with somebody, okay? Because then I brought up Syria, and I said --Very shortly there afterward. And I said, there's so much killing in Syria. We got to solve Syria. We've got to solve Ukraine. And you know, I've always said -- and I'm not just talking about Russia -- we're a lot better off -- like it's a good thing that I have a good relationship with President Xi. It's a good thing I have a good relationship with every one of them -- Modi -- you saw that. Every single one of them of all 19 -- there's 20 with us. All 19, I have a great relationship with.So we're doing well. I mean, we're doing well and we're having a good time. Now what we'll do is we'll go celebrate with the President of France -- we have a good relationship -- open up a little trade with them. But it's got to be fair trade. I mean, every deal we have is bad. It's got to be fair trade.I mean, the European Union, as an example -- I'm all for the European Union, but we have things that we can barely sell into the European Union. They're very protectionist. And we're not. And you have to be reciprocal.To me, the word reciprocal is a beautiful word. Because people can say, we don't like a border tax or we don't like this or we don't like that. But what they can't say is that, if you're selling a motorcycle and they're coming into your country and not paying tax, and they're going into another country and paying 100 percent tax, people understand that's not fair. So we say we make it reciprocal.I would say yes, yeah. At the right time. I don't think this is the right time, but the answer is yes I would. Look, it's very easy for me to say absolutely, I won't. That's the easy thing for me to do, but that's the stupid thing to do. Let's be the smart people not the stupid people. The easiest thing for me to tell you is that I would never invite him. We will never ever talk to Russia.That all of my friends in Congress will say, oh he's so wonderful, he's so wonderful. Folks, we have perhaps the second most powerful nuclear country in the world. If you don't have dialogue, you have to be fools. Fools. It would be the easiest thing for me to say to Maggie and all of you, I will never speak to him, and everybody would love me. But I have to do what's right.And, by the way, I only want to make great deals with Russia. Remember this, I have built up -- we're getting $57 billion more for the military. Hillary was going to cut the military. I'm a tremendous fracker, coal, natural gas, alternate energy, wind Ð everything, right? But I'm going to produce much much more energy than anyone else who was ever running for office. Ever. We're going to have clean coal, and Hillary wasn't.Hillary was going to stop fracking. She was going to stop coal totally. Hey, in West Virginia I beat her by 42 points. Remember, she went and sat with the miners and they said get the hell out of here. So, I was going to -- if Hillary got in, your energy prices right now would be double. You'd be doing no fracking. You'd be doing practically no fossil fuels.So Putin, everything I do is the exact opposite. I don't believe -- in fact, the one question that I didn't ask him that I wish I did -- but we had so many other things going, and really the ceasefire was a very complicated talk, it was a very important talk to me because I wanted to see if we could start a ceasefire. [Portion of transcript not released by White House]Now, why does that affect Russia? Because Russia makes its money through selling of oil, and we've got underneath us more oil than anybody, and nobody knew it until five years ago. And I want to use it. And I don't want that taken away by the Paris Accord. I don't want them to say all of that wealth that the United States has under its feet, but that China doesn't have and that other countries don't have, we can't use.So now we no longer have the advantage. We have a tremendous advantage. We have more natural resources under our feet than any other country. That's a pretty big statement. Ten years ago, five years ago even, you couldn't make that statement. We're blessed. I don't want to give it up. I don't want to say oh, okay, we won't use it. But think of it. So, if Hillary is there, you're going to have a far less amount of fuel. Therefore, energy prices will be much, much higher. That's great for Russia.So, the next time I'm with Putin, I'm going to ask him: who were you really for? Because I can't believe that he would have been for me. Me. Strong military, strong borders -- but he cares less about the borders -- but strong military, tremendous.We're going to be an exporter of fuel this year. We're going to be exporting. What was the first thing I signed when I got in? The Keystone Pipeline, and the Keystone Pipeline goes from Canada all the way through our country right into the Gulf, and the ships are there to take it all over and compete with Russia.The first thing I signed, the first day, was the Keystone Pipeline. That first * was the Keystone and the Dakota Access Pipeline -- also Dakota Access. Now, what does that mean? Dakota Access takes it to the Pacific. Who do they compete with? Russia. Hillary would have never signed -- that was with the reservation -- she would have never signed it. I was given great credit for that one. That was a tough one. First day.It's also 48,000 jobs between both of them. The other one I signed, that was the Keystone. That was dead. That was dead for two years. It was never going to happen. I revived it on day one. You know, you'll check, please check it. I have to be exactly accurate. They'll say, oh I wasn't totally accurate. But that goes to the Gulf, right? Competes with Russia.So now oil is getting to be record low -- and gas -- because we're producing so much. That means Russia -- and you know Russia [Portion of transcript not released by White House] is having a little hard time because it has come down so much.Well, I'm not talking about new, I'm talking about the old sanctions. Wait, we got to get this right. Ready? I think I said it right but just in case. We have very heavy sanctions on Russia right now. I would not and have never even thought about taking them off. Somebody said, Donald Trump wants to -- I don't want to take them off.He never raised it. We did, I think, talk about the sanctions that Congress wants to pass, but it was very brief. Much of it was talked about Ukraine. Look, we talked about the elections. We talked about Ukraine and Syria. Not in that order. We talked about Syria and Ukraine. But I will just tell you, I didn't say this to him. We didn't talk about this aspect of it. I would never take the sanctions off until something is worked out to our satisfaction and everybody's satisfaction in Syria and in Ukraine.I saw a report and I read a report that Trump wants to take off the sanctions. I've made a lot of money. I've made great deals. That's what I do. Why would I take sanctions off without getting anything?What pressure? I didn't -- I did nothing. Hey, now it's shown there's no collusion, there's no obstruction, there's no nothing. Honestly, the whole thing, it is really a media witch hunt. It's been a media witch hunt. And it's bad for the country. You know, when you talk about Russia, if Russia actually did whatever they want to do, they got to be laughing, because look at what happens -- how much time...They feel it's a witch hunt, the people. There are a lot of people. And those people vote. They don't stay home because it's drizzling. We proved that. But every single party chairman said that my base is substantially stronger than it was in November. That's a big compliment. That's a big compliment. And I feel it.And I think what's happening is, as usual, the Democrats have played their card too hard on the Russia thing, because people aren't believing it. It's a witch hunt and they understand that. When they say "treason" -- you know what treason is? That's Julius and Ethel Rosenberg for giving the atomic bomb, okay? But what about all the congressmen, where I see the woman sitting there surrounded by -- in Congress.So I think it's a good thing. When Hillary Clinton spent her ads -- you know, she spent almost 100 percent of her ads on anti-Donald Trump ads. You know that. Every ad was an anti ad. When the election came, nobody knew what she stood for.I heard tonight, and I saw tonight, and I read tonight that they're making a big mistake. And I a lot of the Democrats feel -- they say, we're putting all our money into this Russia stuff and it's making Trump stronger. Because my people and the people that support me, who are incredible people, those people are angry because they feel it's being unfair and a witch hunt.Well, thank you very much, President Duda, for your really gracious hospitality. We've had a wonderful stay. It's been quick. But the people of Poland have been so fantastic.And as you know, Polish-Americans came out in droves. They voted in the last election, and I was very happy with that result. So I just want to thank you, and I want to thank them.It's a true honor to be here in Poland. It's a majestic nation, it really is. It's a spectacular place. Some of the most beautiful sights that we just saw coming over. Really, very inspirational.You're rich in history and you have absolutely an unbreakable spirit. That's something we've learned for -- over the course of many years.The president and I concluded a productive meeting in which we reaffirmed our enduring bonds of friendship that have united our citizens for a long time. And -- but we've never been closer to Poland I think than we are right now.Poland is not only a great friend, but a truly important ally, and a partner with respect to our military. We've had great cooperations with Poland. We've fought shoulder-to-shoulder in many different encountersParticularly grateful for the active role Poland has taken in helping to defeat ISIS, where we've made tremendous strides, tremendous gains, which you'll be hearing about over the next period of time, and other terrorist organizations -- Poland's been right there with us, by training Iraqi special forces and flying reconnaissance missions. And just about any time we requested, they were there.Brave Polish soldiers have fought and worked side by side with Americans in Iraq and Afghanistan. And on behalf of all Americans, I want to salute you. I want to thank you. Very, very special people.I also want to thank the Polish people for their kindness to more than 5,000 American troops that are stationed in your country. Our strong alliance with Poland and NATO remains critical to deterring conflict and ensuring that war between great powers never again ravages Europe, and that the world will be a safer and better place.America is committed to maintaining peace and security in Central and Eastern Europe. We're working with Poland in response to Russia's actions and destabilizing behavior. And we're grateful for the example Poland has set for every member of the NATO alliance by being one of the few nations that actually meets its financial obligations.As you know, I've been pretty hard on some of the members of NATO for not, and the money is pouring in. I can tell you. I was criticized, Mr. President, but I can also say that the people of NATO aren't criticizing me. They're very happy. The money has been pouring in in the last year, far greater than it ever would have been.It is past time for all countries and all countries in the NATO alliance to get going and to get up to their obligations. But I can say that Poland has been right there, and you will even exceed that number. And I appreciate that very much and so do a lot of other countries.During our meeting, I congratulated President Duda on Poland's recent election to the United Nations Security Council. We also discussed our mutual commitment to safeguarding the values at the heart of our alliance: freedom, sovereignty, and the rule of law. Poland joins the Security Council at a very critical time. It's a critical time, frankly, for the world because you see what's going on.Not only must we secure our nations from the threat of terrorism, but we must also confront the threat from North Korea. And that's what it is. It's a threat. And we will confront it very strongly. President Duda and I call on all nations to confront this global threat and publicly demonstrate to North Korea that there are consequences for their very, very bad behavior.We also discussed the ongoing humanitarian catastrophe in Syria and the need to defeat ISIS and other terrorist groups where they control territory and populations. We have fought very hard and very powerfully against ISIS since I've been president. And we've made tremendous gains, far greater than has ever been made with respect to that group.While the cities of Raqqah and Mosul will soon be liberated [Inaudible], criminals and butchers. We recognize that Syria requires a political solution that does not advance Iran's destructive agenda and does not allow terrorist organizations to return.We also reaffirmed that any nation that values human life can never tolerate the use of chemical weapons. And we won't tolerate it either. Finally, we agreed to work to expand commerce between our countries.We strongly support the Three Seas Initiative, and America stands ready to help Poland and other European nations diversify their energy supplies so that you can never be held hostage to a single supplier or, as we sometimes call it, a monopoly.I'm pleased to report that the first shipment of American liquefied natural gas arrived in Poland last month, and there'll be many more coming. Maybe we can get your price up a little bit, but that's OK. [Laughter] He's a tough negotiator.We look forward to making the economic ties between the United States and Poland even stronger through trading relationships -- and that is a balanced and reciprocal one. We want reciprocal trade relationships. We don't have too many of them.I said before that the United States has made some of the worst trade deals ever in history. That's going to change. That's going to change. The friendship between our peoples dates all the way back to the American Revolution. It's a long time.I look forward to speaking more about these enduring bonds of faith and freedom when I address the entire Polish nation in just a little while.I hear we have a big crowd, Mr. President. It's going to be a big -- I think they're showing up for you, not for me, right? We're going to have a big crowd. That's what the word is.So, President Duda, thank you again for welcoming Melania and myself to your beloved homeland. Together we can make the partnership between our two nations stronger than ever before. Special people, special place. And it's an honor to be here. Thank you.David? David?Yeah, I think what CNN did was unfortunate for them. As you know, now they have some pretty serious problems. They have been fake news for a long time. They've been covering me in a very, very dishonest way. Do you have that also, by the way, Mr. President? [Laughter]But -- CNN and others. I mean, I know this -- NBC is equally as bad, despite the fact that I made them a fortune with "The Apprentice," but they forgot that. But I will say that CNN has really taken it too seriously, and I think they've hurt themselves very badly -- very, very badly.And what we want to see in the United States is honest -- beautiful, free but honest press. We want to see fair press. I think it's a very important thing. We don't want fake news.And, by the way, not everybody is fake news. But we don't want fake news. Bad thing -- very bad for our country. As far as North Korea's concerned, I don't know. We'll see what happens. I don't like to talk about what I have planned. But I have some pretty severe things that we're thinking about. That doesn't mean we're going to do them. I don't draw red lines.President Obama drew a red line, and I was the one that made it look a little bit better than it was. But that could have been done a lot sooner, and you wouldn't have had the same situation that you have right now in Syria. That was a big mistake.But I think we'll just take a look at what happens over the coming weeks and months with respect to North Korea. It's a shame that they're behaving this way, but they are behaving in a very, very dangerous manner. And something will have to be done about it. Thank you. Thank you, David.A very fair question. I think we can enter a contract for LNG within the next 15 minutes.Do you have anybody available to negotiate? [Laughter] It will take about 15 minutesYou know, we're becoming a great exporter of energy. Very soon, we'll be a very great exporter of energy. And we've taken a lot of unnecessary regulations out of our process. And we are doing things that we haven't been able to do for a long time.So we're a -- we're blessed with great land -- we didn't even know it 15 years ago -- in terms of what was underneath our feet. And certainly, we have found out through technology that we are truly blessed to have this incredible wealth under our feet. And we are going to be an exporter of energy. It's already happening.And any time you're ready, we can do additional contracts. We've already done the one, but we can do many additional contracts. Thank you.Well, we didn't discuss guarantees, and we weren't really in that position to discuss guarantees. But certainly, we've been here for a long time. We have quite a few troops here, up to 5,000, and we will continue to do that and we will continue to work with Poland. But we did not discuss guarantees, no.Well, I think it was Russia. And I think it could have been other people in other countries. Could have been a lot of people interfered.I've said it very -- I said it very simply. I think it could very well have been Russia, but I think it could well have been other countries. And I won't be specific, but I think a lot of people interfere. I think it's been happening for a long time. It's been happening for many, many years.Now, the thing I have to mention is that Barack Obama, when he was president, found out about this, in terms of if it were Russia -- found out about it in August. Now, the election was in November. That's a lot of time. He did nothing about it.Why did he do nothing about it? He was told it was Russia by the CIA, as I understand it. It was well-reported. And he did nothing about it.They say he choked. Well, I don't think he choked. I think what happens is he thought Hillary Clinton was going to win the election and he said, "Let's not do anything about it." Had he thought the other way, he would have done something about it.So he was told in early August by, presumably, the CIA that Russia was trying to get involved or meddling pretty strongly with the election. He did nothing about it. The reason is he thought Hillary was going to win. And if he thought I was going to win, he would have done plenty about it.So that's the real question is why did he do nothing from August all the way to November 8th? Why did he do nothing? His people said he choked. I don't think he choked.Well, I'll tell you. Let me just start off by saying I heard it was 17 agencies. I said, "Boy, that's a lot. Do we even have that many intelligence agencies, right? Let's check it." And we did some very heavy research. It turned out to be three or four; it wasn't 17. And many of your compatriots had to change their reporting and they had to apologize and they had to correct.Now, with that being said, mistakes have been made. I agree: I think it was Russia, but I think it was probably other people and/or countries. And I see nothing wrong with that statement. Nobody really knows. Nobody really knows for sure.I remember when I was sitting back, listening about Iraq, weapons of mass destruction; how everybody was 100 percent sure that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction. Guess what. That led to one big mess. They were wrong and it led to a mess. So, it was Russia, and I think it was probably others also. And that's been going on for a long period of time.But my big question is why did Obama do nothing about it from August all the way to November 8th? He did nothing about it. And it wasn't because he choked.Thank you, everybody, very much.President Iohannis, thank you for being here. It's an honor to welcome such a good friend of America to the White House. As you know, the people of Romania and America share much in common -- a love of freedom, proud cultures, rich traditions, and a vast and storied landscape to call home. The relationship between our two countries stretches back well over a century.But today we especially reaffirm and celebrate our strategic partnership that began 20 years ago next month. That partnership covers many dimensions, including economic, military, and cultural ties. And today we are making those ties even stronger.Mr. President, your visit comes at an important moment not just in this partnership, but among all of the responsible nations of the world. I have just returned from a historic trip to Europe and the Middle East, where I worked to strengthen our alliances, forge new friendships, and unite all civilized peoples in the fight against terrorism. No civilized nation can tolerate this violence, or allow this wicked ideology to spread on its shores.I addressed a summit of more than 50 Arab and Muslim leaders -- a unique meeting in the history of nations -- where key players in the region agreed to stop supporting terrorism, whether it be financial, military or even moral support.The nation of Qatar, unfortunately, has historically been a funder of terrorism at a very high level, and in the wake of that conference, nations came together and spoke to me about confronting Qatar over its behavior. So we had a decision to make: Do we take the easy road, or do we finally take a hard but necessary action? We have to stop the funding of terrorism. I decided, along with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, our great generals and military people, the time had come to call on Qatar to end its funding -- they have to end that funding -- and its extremist ideology in terms of funding.I want to call on all other nations to stop immediately supporting terrorism. Stop teaching people to kill other people. Stop filling their minds with hate and intolerance. I won't name other countries, but we are not done solving the problem, but we will solve that problem. Have no choice.This is my great priority because it is my first duty as President to keep our people safe. Defeating ISIS and other terror organizations is something I have emphasized all during my campaign and right up until the present. To do that, stop funding, stop teaching hate, and stop the killing. For Qatar, we want you back among the unity of responsible nations. We ask Qatar, and other nations in the region to do more and do it faster.I want to thank Saudi Arabia, and my friend, King Salman, and all of the countries who participated in that very historic summit. It was truly historic. There has never been anything like it before and perhaps there never will be again. Hopefully, it will be the beginning of the end of funding terrorism. It will, therefore, be the beginning of the end to terrorism. No more funding.I also want to thank the Romanian people for everything they contribute to our common defense and to the fight against the evil menace of terrorism. They have their own difficulties with it, and they've come a long way and they're doing a lot. Romania has been a valuable member of the coalition to defeat ISIS, and it's the fourth-largest contributor of troops in Afghanistan. There, 23 of your citizens have paid the ultimate price. And America honors their sacrifice.I want to recognize President Iohannis for his leadership in committing Romania this year to increase its defense spending from 1.4 percent of GDP to over 2 percent. We hope our other NATO allies will follow Romania's lead on meeting their financial obligations and paying their fair share for the cost of defense. But I will say this, that because of our actions, money is starting to pour into NATO. The money is starting to pour in. Other countries are starting to realize that it's time to pay up, and they're doing that. Very proud of that fact.As you know, I have been an advocate for strengthening our NATO Alliance through greater responsibility and burden-sharing among member nations. And that is what is happening. Because, together, we can confront the common security challenges facing the world.Mr. President, I want to applaud your courage and your courageous efforts in Romania to fight corruption and defend the rule of law. This work is necessary to create an environment where trade and commerce can flourish and where citizens can prosper. I look forward to working with you to deepen the ties of both commerce and culture between our two countries.Romanians have made many contributions to the United States, and to the world. Very notable among them was Nobel Prize laureate Elie Wiesel, who was born in Romania and, sadly, passed away almost one year ago. And I understand that earlier this week, the American Jewish Committee presented President Iohannis with its very prestigious Light Unto the Nations Award, for his work to further Holocaust remembrance and education in Romania. I join the AJC in saluting your leadership in that vital cause.The people of Romania have endured many, many hardships, but they have made a truly remarkable, historical journey. The future of Romania and Romania's relationship with the United States is very, very bright.President Iohannis, I thank you for your leadership, and I thank you again for being here today. I look forward to strengthening our alliance with your country and our bonds with your people. The relationship has been good, but now it's stronger than ever. Thank you very much.Thank you. Dave Boyer, Washington Times. Dave. Come on, Dave.That's all right, Dave.Well, I'll tell you about that maybe sometime in the very near future. But in the meantime, no collusion, no obstruction. He's a leaker. But we want to get back to running our great country -- jobs. Trade deficits, we want them to disappear fast. North Korea, a big problem. Middle East, a big problem. So that's what I am focused on. That's what I have been focused on.But yesterday showed no collusion, no obstruction. We are doing really well. That was an excuse by the Democrats who lost an election that some people think they shouldn't have lost, because it's almost impossible for the Democrats to lose the Electoral College, as you know. We have to run up the whole East Coast and you have to win everything as a Republican. And that's just what we did.So it was just an excuse. But we were very, very happy. And frankly, James Comey confirmed a lot of what I said. And some of the things that he said just weren't true. Thank you very much. Do you have a question?One hundred percent correct. And you know, one of the things I was referring to during that speech was the fact that, yes, they haven't paid what they should be paying now, but for many years, they haven't been paying. So I said, do we ever go back and say, how about paying the money from many, many years passed?Now, I know no President has ever asked that question. But I do. And we're going to make NATO very strong. We need the money to make it strong. You can't just do what we've been doing in the past. So I did say, yes, you haven't paid this year, but what about the past years, the many past years where you haven't paid? Perhaps you should pay some or all of that money back. You have a question?Well, I'm committing the United States, and have committed, but I'm committing the United States to Article 5. And certainly we are there to protect. And that's one of the reasons that I want people to make sure we have a very, very strong force by paying the kind of money necessary to have that force. But, yes, absolutely, I'd be committed to Article 5.We didn't discuss it --We didn't discuss it. But there would be certainly -- it would be something we will discuss. Mr. President.Good. Look at those hands up there, President. Do you have this in Romania, too? I don't know. [Laughter] I've got the microphone. If I could only sell that. If I could only sell it. Who would like to ask -- should I take one of the killer networks that treat me so badly as fake news? Should I do that? Go ahead, Jon. Be fair, Jon.Remember how nice you used to be before I ran? Such a nice man.I didn't say that.Well, I didn't say that. I mean, I will tell you I didn't say that.And there would be nothing wrong if I did say it, according to everybody that I've read today. But I did not say that.No, he did not.One hundred percent. I didn't say under oath -- I hardly know the man. I'm not going to say, I want you to pledge allegiance. Who would do that? Who would ask a man to pledge allegiance under oath? I mean, think of it. I hardly know the man. It doesn't make sense. No, I didn't say that, and I didn't say the other.I would be glad to tell him exactly what I just told you, Jon.I'm not hinting anything. I'll tell you about it over a very short period of time.Okay. Do you have a question here?Over a fairly short period of time.Oh, you're going to be very disappointed when you hear the answer. Don't worry. Jon, do you have a question for the President?Well, we support very strongly Romania. And therefore, obviously we do support that fight on anticorruption. We will always support that. And we support your President. We think he's done an outstanding job. Very popular, very solid, working very hard. We know everything that's going on. And, yeah, and he's going to win that fight. He's going to win that battle. But he has our support.Well, you do. But I can tell you that there are many American investors right now going to Romania and investing. In fact, I was given a chart just before our meeting, and we have people going over to Romania and investing, and they weren't doing that a number of years ago. So that shows very, very big progress. And there really are a lot of congratulations in store. But a lot of people are investing from our country to yours. And people love -- from Romania -- the United States. And they come here a lot, and we're very proud of them. Thank you all very much.Thank you very much. It is a great pleasure to welcome President Santos to the White House. Colombia is one of our closest allies in the hemisphere, and today we reaffirm partnership between our two great nations.President Santos and I had a very productive meeting, and we will continue to work very closely together to bring peace, safety and prosperity to the hemisphere. Perhaps no area is really more important in terms of cooperation than our joint effort to end the terrible drug crimes that plague both of our countries.Recently, we have seen an alarmed -- and I mean really a very highly alarmed and alarming trend. Last year, Colombia coca cultivation and cocaine production reached a record high, which, hopefully, will be remedied very quickly by the President. We must confront this dangerous threat to our societies together.Today, I affirmed the United States' willingness to assist Colombia's strategy to target and eliminate drug trafficking networks, illicit financings, coca cultivation, and cocaine production, of which there is far too much. The drug epidemic is poisoning too many American lives, and we're going to stop it many different ways. One of them will be the wall.My administration is committed to keeping drugs and gangs from pouring into our country. Already border crossings are down more than 73 percent. Secretary Kelly is with us; he's done a fantastic job. Thank you very much, Mr. Secretary. And, in short, we have a tremendous group of people working with us in terms of ICE, the ICE Patrol and the Border Patrol agents. They've done a fantastic job, and I'd like you to give them my highest compliments, Mr. Secretary.And MS-13, likewise -- a horrible, horrible, large group of gangs that have been let into our country over a fairly short period of time -- are being decimated by the Border Patrol, by ICE, and by our incredible local police forces. And they are getting out of our country, or, in some cases, going directly into prisons throughout our country. But they've literally taken over towns and cities of the United States. They will be gone very quickly.I look forward to working with President Santos as we target drug trafficking. Both the United States and Colombia have strong law enforcement and security relationship. We've had it -- and especially over the last fairly short period of time. Together, we will continue to fight the criminal networks responsible for the deadly drug trade that our people have a really strong commitment to getting rid of, because they want a much brighter future.President Santos and I also discussed the deteriorating situation in Venezuela, and it is really in a very bad state, as you see and as we all see through the media. The stable and peaceful Venezuela is in the best interest of the entire hemisphere, and America stands with all of the people in our great hemisphere yearning to be free. We will be working with Colombia and other countries on the Venezuelan problem. It is a very, very horrible problem. And from a humanitarian standpoint, it is like nothing we've seen in quite a long time.The United States and Colombia are also strong economic partners, and we will continue to pursue trade policies that benefit both of our peoples. The nations' common goals of protecting our citizens, expanding opportunity, and confronting the drug crisis will improve the lives of our people and many throughout the region.So many people are being so horribly affected by what's going on in terms of violence and in terms of drugs, and we're going to take care of the situation. And we've both agreed to take care of it strongly and quickly.President Santos, it was an honor to meet with you and your entire group of representatives, very talented people indeed, who have been working with us and my representatives. And I look forward to many more productive meetings, such as the one we just had. I'd like to thank you very much for being at the White House, being our guest. And I'd like to congratulate you on winning the Nobel Peace Prize. That's a very great achievement. Thank you very much.Thank you very much. Does anybody have any questions? [Laughter] I'm shocked. Jon, go ahead.Thank you.Well, I respect the move, but the entire thing has been a witch hunt. And there is no collusion between certainly myself and my campaign, but I can always speak for myself -- and the Russians, zero.I think it divides the country. I think we have a very divided country because of that and many other things. So I can tell you that we want to bring this great country of ours together, Jon. And I will also say very strongly, we've had tremendous success. You look at our job numbers, you look at what's going on at the border, as we discussed before; if you look at what will be happening -- you're going to see some incredible numbers with respect to the success of General Mattis and others with the ISIS situation. The numbers are staggering, how successful they've been, the military has been.Tomorrow, as you know, I'm going to Saudi Arabia, going to Israel. I'm going to Rome. And we have the G7. We have a lot of great things going on.So I hate to see anything that divides. I'm fine with whatever people want to do, but we have to get back to running this country really, really well. We've made tremendous progress in the last 100-some-odd days. Tremendous progress. And you see job numbers, you see all of the production that's starting. Plants starting to open again. Haven't been open in years. I'm very proud of it.That's what I want to be focused on. Because, believe me, there's no collusion. Russia is fine. But whether it's Russia or anybody else, my total priority, believe me, is the United States of America. So, thank you very much.Well, that's true. Venezuela has a very, very serious problem. We haven't really seen a problem like that, I would say, Mr. President, in decades, in terms of the kind of violence that we're witnessing. The President was telling me -- and I knew -- that Venezuela was a very, very wealthy country, just about the wealthiest in your neck of the woods, and had tremendous strengths in so many different ways.And now it's poverty-stricken. People don't have enough to eat. People have no food. There's great violence. And we will do whatever is necessary -- and we'll work together to do whatever is necessary -- to help with fixing that. And I'm really talking on a humanitarian level.When you look at the oil reserves that they have, when you look at the potential wealth that Venezuela has, you sort of have to wonder, why is that happening? How is that possible? But it's been unbelievably poorly run for a long period of time. And hopefully that will change, and they can use those assets for the good and to take care of their people. Because right now what's happening is, really, a disgrace to humanity. And, Jon, I think you also had a question for the President, if you'd like to.And that was a long and very diplomatic answer to your question. I will say it a little bit shorter: Walls work. Just ask Israel. They work. Believe me, they work. And we have no choice. Peter Baker. Yes.No. No. Next question.I think it's totally ridiculous. Everybody thinks so. And again, we have to get back to working our country properly so that we can take care of the problems that we have. We have plenty of problems. We've done a fantastic job. We have a tremendous group of people. Millions and millions of people out there that are looking at what you had just said, and said, "What are they doing?"Director Comey was very unpopular with most people. I actually thought when I made that decision -- and I also got a very, very strong recommendation, as you know, from the Deputy Attorney General, Rod Rosenstein. But when I made that decision, I actually thought that it would be a bipartisan decision, because you look at all of the people on the Democratic side -- not only the Republican side -- they were saying such terrible things about Director Comey.Then he had the very poor performance on Wednesday. That was a poor, poor performance. So poor, in fact, that I believe -- and you'd have to ask him, because I don't like to speak for other people -- but I believe that's why the Deputy Attorney General went out and wrote his very, very strong letter.And then, on top of that, after the Wednesday performance by Director Comey, you had a person come and have to readjust the record, which many people have never seen before, because there were misstatements made. And I thought that was something that was terrible.We need a great director of the FBI. I cherish the FBI. It's special. All over the world, no matter where you go, the FBI is special. The FBI has not had that special reputation with what happened in the campaign, what happened with respect to the Clinton campaign, and even you could say -- directly or indirectly -- with respect to the much more successful Trump campaign.We're going to have a director who is going to be outstanding. I'll be announcing that director very soon, and I look forward to doing it. I think the people in the FBI will be very, very thrilled.And just in concluding, we look forward to getting this whole situation behind us so that when we go for the jobs, we go for the strong military, when we go for all of the things that we've been pushing so hard and so successfully, including healthcare -- because Obamacare is collapsing. It's dead; it's gone. There's nothing to compare anything to because we don't have healthcare in this country. You just look at what's happening. Aetna just pulled out. Other insurance companies are pulling out. We don't have healthcare. Obamacare is a fallacy. It's gone. We need healthcare.We need to cut taxes. We're going to cut taxes. Forget what I want; it will be the biggest tax cut in the history of our nation. And that's what I want. It's going to bring back companies. It's going to bring back jobs. We lost so many jobs and so many companies to countries that are not so far from you, Mr. President -- they're very close to you, actually -- and to many other places throughout the world. We're going to change that. We're going to have expansion.We already do. You look at what's happening with Ford and with General Motors in Michigan and Ohio. You look at the tremendous number of jobs that are being announced in so many different fields. That's what I'm proud of, and that's what we want to focus our energy on.The other is something I can only tell you: There was no collusion. And everybody -- even my enemies have said, there is no collusion.So we want to get back and keep on the track that we're on. Because the track that we're on is record-setting, and that's what we want to do, is we want to break very positive records. Thank you. You could ask a question.Well, it's been a long process, and it's been a great thing to watch in the sense that the President did a fantastic job. That's not easy after so many years of war. So I'm very, very proud to get to know you, and I really congratulate you. There's nothing tougher than peace, and we want to make peace all over the world. And you are really a great example of somebody that started it.I mean, FARC is -- that was a long, tough situation, as you know very well, coming from the country. But I think the President has done a magnificent job. Not easy. But he's done a magnificent job.Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you, thank you.Prime Minister Gentiloni, welcome. Great honor. Thank you. It's wonderful to have you in our wonderful People's House, known as the White House. And so many great Italian friends are with us today. And we renew, always, the deep ties of history and friendship that link together the American and the Italian peoples. That history traces its roots to the timeless contributions of Italy to civilization and human progress -- so true -- stretching all the way back to Ancient Rome.Through the ages, your country has been a beacon of artistic and scientific achievement -- and that continues today -- from Venice to Florence, from Verdi to Pavarotti, a friend of mine. Great friend of mine. These bonds of history and culture have only grown stronger as our two nations have become close partners, dear friends, and very vital allies.Mr. Prime Minister, I'm thrilled that you are here today to discuss how we can make this great relationship even more productive in the years to come. On the economy, Italy is one of Americas largest trading partners. A lot of people don't know that. We both seek a trading relationship that is balanced, reciprocal -- I love the word "reciprocal," because we don't have too many reciprocal trading partnerships, I will tell you that, but we will very soon -- and fair, benefitting both of our countries. And we can work together to achieve that outcome, and that will happen.Italy is also a key partner in the fight against terrorism. Italy is now the second-largest contributor of troops to the conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan. I would also like to thank you, Prime Minister, for your leadership on seeking stabilization in Libya, and for your crucial efforts to deny ISIS a foothold in the Mediterranean. You fought hard. We're grateful for your role in the anti-ISIS campaign. All nations must condemn this barbaric enemy and support the effort to achieve its total and complete destruction.Also, as you know, Mr. Prime Minister, we have more than 30,000 American service members, families, and personnel who are stationed across your country. As we reaffirm our support for historic institutions, we must also reaffirm the requirement that everyone must pay their full and fair share for the cost of defense.Together, we can address many pressing challenges, including two that greatly affect both of our countries, those of large-scale migration and international smuggling. Maintaining strong borders is a vital component of any security policy, and a responsible approach to refugees is one that seeks the eventual return of refugees to their home countries so that they can help to rebuild their own nations.Finally, I want to say how much I look forward to visiting Sicily for the G7, as we seek to foster cooperation not only on matters of security, but also science, commerce, health, and technology. Our two countries have shared interests and shared values, and we can each make great contributions to the other.Mr. Prime Minister, I again want to thank you for being with us and being our true friend. Italy is a spectacular place; I know it well. I love the people of Italy. We have 18 million Italians living in the United States, people originally from Italy. And it's a great honor to have many of them as my friends. Thank you for being here.Thank you very much. Thank you. Appreciate it. I'll take a few questions. John Roberts of Fox, please.I see that.Well, first of all, I love the question you asked the Prime Minister. I look forward to his answer -- [Laughter] -- because I'm going to be asking him that same question very soon. Well, first of all, our condolences from our country to the people of France. Again, it's happening, it seems. I just saw it as I was walking in, so that's a terrible thing and it's a very, very terrible thing that's going on in the world today. But it looks like another terrorist attack. And what can you say -- it just never ends. We have to be strong and we have to be vigilant. And I've been saying it for a long time.As far as North Korea is concerned, we are in very good shape. We're building our military rapidly. A lot of things have happened over the last short period of time. I've been here for approximately 91 days; were doing a lot of work. Were in very good position. We're going to see what happens.I can't ask your -- answer your question on stability. I hope the answer is a positive one, not a negative one. But hopefully that will be something that gets taken care of. I have great respect for the President of China. As you know, we had a great summit in Florida, and Palm Beach, and got to know each other and I think like each other. I can say from my standpoint I liked him very much. I respect him very much. And I think he's working very hard.I can say that all of the pundits out there are saying they never have seen China work like they're working right now. Many coal ships have sent back. Many other things have happened. Some very unusual moves have been made over the last two or three hours. And I really have confidence that the President will try very hard. We don't know whether or not they're able to do that, but I have absolute confidence that he will be trying very, very hard.And one of the reasons that were talking about trade deals and were talking about all of the different things -- but were slowing up a little bit. I actually told him, I said, you'll make a much better deal on trade if you get rid of this menace or do something about the menace of North Korea. Because that's what it is, it's a menace right now.So well see what happens. As far as Iran is concerned, I think they are doing a tremendous disservice to an agreement that was signed. It was a terrible agreement. It shouldn't have been signed. It shouldn't have been negotiated the way it was negotiated. I'm all for agreements, but that was a bad one, as bad as I've ever seen negotiated.They are not living up to the spirit of the agreement, I can tell you that. And were analyzing it very, very carefully and we'll have something to say about it in the not-too-distant future. But Iran has not lived up to the spirit of the agreement. And they have to do that. They have to do that. So we will see what happens. Thank you very much, John.Yes, a strong Europe is very, very important to me as President of the United States. And it's also, in my opinion, in my very strong opinion, important for the United States. We want to see it. We will help it be strong, and it's very much to everybody's advantage. And I look very much forward to meeting the Pope. Fabian of The Hill. Fabian. Yes.Okay, I want to get both. Are you shocked to hear that? And were doing very well on health care. We'll see what happens. But this is a great bill. There's a great plan. And this will be great health care. Its evolving. You know, there was never a give-up. The press sort of reported there was like a give-up. There's no give-up. We started. Remember, it took Obamacare 17 months. I've really been negotiating this for two months, maybe even less than that, because we had a 30-day period where we did lots of other things the first 30 days.But this has really been two months. And this is a continuation. And the plan gets better and better and better. And it's gotten really, really good. And a lot of people are liking it a lot. We have a good chance of getting it soon. I'd like to say next week, but it will be -- I believe we will get it. And whether its next week or shortly thereafter. As far as keeping the government open, I think we want to keep the government open. Don't you agree? So, yeah, I think well get both. Thank you.I do not see a role in Libya. I think the United States has right now enough roles. We're in a role everywhere. So I do not see that. I do see a role in getting rid of ISIS. We're being very effective in that regard. We are doing a job, with respect to ISIS, that has not been done anywhere near the numbers that were producing right now. It's a very effective force we have. We have no choice.It's a horrible thing to say, but we have no choice. And we are effectively ridding the world of ISIS. I see that as a primary role, and that's what we're going to do, whether it's in Iraq or in Libya or anywhere else. And that role will come to an end at a certain point, and we'll be able to go back home and rebuild our country, which is what I want to do. Thank you all very much. I appreciate it. Thank you.Thank you. Secretary General Stoltenberg, it's a pleasure to welcome you to the White House -- especially at such an important moment in our great Alliance.I also want to acknowledge the great work being done by our Secretary of State, Rex Tillerson, to strengthen the NATO Alliance, as well as the Secretary's trip to Moscow to promote the security interest of the United States and its allies. He did a terrific job. Just watched parts of it -- an absolutely terrific job.Sixty-eight years ago this month, not far from where we are gathered today, President Harry Truman spoke at the signing of the North Atlantic Treaty. In the nearly seven decades since Harry Truman spoke those words, the NATO Alliance has been the bulwark of international peace and security.NATO allies defeated communism and liberated the captive nations of the Cold War. They secured the longest period of unbroken peace that Europe has ever known. This enduring partnership rooted out of so many different things, but our common security is always number one, and our common devotion to human dignity and freedom.Since 1949, the NATO member states have more than doubled, increasing from 12 to 28. On Monday, I signed the protocol to approve the 29th -- the country of Montenegro. In the coming months and years, I'll work closely with all of our NATO allies to enhance this partnership and to adapt to the challenges of the future -- of which there will be many. This includes upgrading NATO to focus on today's most pressing security and all of its challenges, including migration and terrorism.We must also work together to resolve the disaster currently taking place in Syria. We are grateful for the support of NATO members and partners in their condemnation of Assad's murderous attack, using the most horrible weapons. The vicious slaughter of innocent civilians with chemical weapons, including the barbaric killing of small and helpless children and babies, must be forcefully rejected by any nation that values human life. It is time to end this brutal civil war, defeat terrorists, and allow refugees to return home.In facing our common challenges, we must also ensure that NATO members meet their financial obligations and pay what they owe. Many have not been doing that. The Secretary General and I agree that other member nations must satisfy their responsibility to contribute 2 percent of GDP to defense. If other countries make their fair share, instead of relying on the United States to make up the difference, we will all be much more secure and our partnership will be made that much stronger.The Secretary General and I had a productive discussion about what more NATO can do in the fight against terrorism. I complained about that a long time ago and they made a change, and now they do fight terrorism. I said it was obsolete; it's no longer obsolete. It's my hope that NATO will take on an increased role in supporting our Iraqi partners in their battle against ISIS. I'm also sending General McMaster to Afghanistan to find out how we can make progress alongside our Afghan partners and NATO allies.Every generation has strived to adapt the NATO Alliance to meet the challenges of their times -- and on my visit to Brussels this spring -- I look very much forward to -- we will work together to do the same. We must not be trapped by the tired thinking that so many have, but apply new solutions to face new circumstances. And that's all throughout the world. We're not here to stand on ceremony but to develop real strategies to achieve safety, security and peace. We're here to protect the freedom and prosperity of our citizens and to give them the future they so richly deserve.Secretary General, I'm honored to have you here today, and to reaffirm our commitment to this Alliance and to the enduring values that we proudly -- and I mean, very proudly -- share. Thank you very much. Thank you for being here.Thank you very much. Great. Thank you. So well have a couple of questions. Jeff Mason.Well, I'll be speaking to -- do you want to go ahead. Go ahead.I'll be speaking with Rex Tillerson in a little while -- he's calling in. I think he had a very successful meeting in Russia. We'll see. Well see the end result, which will be in a long period of time, perhaps. But the end result is what's most important -- not just talk. And I think that, based on everything I'm hearing, things went pretty well, maybe better than anticipated.It would be wonderful, as we were discussing just a little while ago, if NATO and our country could get along with Russia. Right now, were not getting along with Russia at all. We may be at an all-time low in terms of a relationship with Russia. This has built for a long period of time. But were going to see what happens. Putin is the leader of Russia. Russia is a strong country. Were a very, very strong country. We're going to see how that all works out.Last night, separately, I spoke with a man that I've gotten to know. I don't know Putin, but I do know this gentleman -- I've spent a lot of time with him over the last two days, and he is the President of China. You were there --most of you were there, and it was quite an interesting period of time.President Xi wants to do the right thing. We had a very good bonding. I think we had a very good chemistry together. I think he wants to help us with North Korea. We talked trade. We talked a lot of things. And I said, the way you're going to make a good trade deal is to help us with North Korea; otherwise were just going to go it alone.That will be all right, too. But going it alone means going it with lots of other nations. But I was very impressed with President Xi, and I think he means well and I think he wants to help. Well see whether or not he does.Excuse me?Were going to see, were going to see about that. And I'll also see about Putin over a period of time. It would be a fantastic thing if we got along with Putin and if we got along with Russia. And that could happen, and it may not happen, it may be just the opposite.I can only tell you what I would like to do. I would love to be able to get along with everybody. Right now, the world is a mess. But I think by the time we finish, I think it's going to be a lot better place to live. And I can tell you that, speaking for myself, by the time I'm finished, it's going to be a lot better place to live in -- because right now its nasty.And this is the first time in many, many years that we see an increase in the military presence of the United States in Europe. So we are increasing our presence, and were also increasing the readiness and the preparedness of our forces so we can quickly reinforce if needed.We consider the presence we will have when the four battle groups are in place as sufficient given the current security situation in Europe. But, of course, we will assess the situation and follow the developments very closely.The message from NATO is that what we do is proportionate; it is defensive. And we don't want a new Cold War. We don't want a new arms race. And actually we strongly believe that there is no contradiction between a strong NATO, a credible deterrence on defense, and political dialogue with Russia. Actually, we believe that a precondition for the political dialogue with Russia is that we are strong and that we are united. But based on that, we can talk to Russia because Russia is our neighbor, Russia is here to stay, so we have to find ways to manage our relationship with Russia.And I am absolutely certain that the United States supports this approach -- partly because the United States is contributing with forces to our enhanced presence in the eastern part of the Alliance and also in the southeast of the Alliance in Romania, and the United States and the President has clearly expressed that they want dialogue with Russia, but based on unity and strength in the Alliance. Then the next question is from Jon Sopel.I like that question. [Laughter]I think it's certainly possible; I think it's probably unlikely. And I know they're doing investigations into that right now. I would like to think that they didn't know, but certainly they could have. They were there. So well find out. General Mattis is looking into it with the entire Pentagon group that does that kind of work.So it was very disappointing to see. It's disappointing no matter who does it, but when you get into the gases -- especially that form -- its vicious and violent. And everybody in this room saw it all too many times over the last three or four days -- young children dying, babies dying, fathers holding children in their arms that were dead. Dead children -- there can't be a worse sight, and it shouldn't be allowed. That's a butcher. That's a butcher.So I felt we had to do something about it. I have absolutely no doubt we did the right thing, and it was very, very successfully done, as you well know. Thank you.And I did ask about all the money that hasn't been paid over the years, will that money be coming back. We'll be talking about that, right? [Laughter] We want to talk about that, too. Anita Kumar, where are you? Hi. McClatchy.We did talk last night. I think it's wonderful that they abstained. As you know very few people expected that. And, no, I was not surprised that China did abstain. Very, very few people thought that that was going to happen. So were honored by the vote. That's the vote that should have taken place.Say it --I cannot hear. I cannot understand --Well, I want to just start by saying hopefully they're going to have to fear nothing, ultimately. Right now there is a fear, and there are problems -- there are certainly problems. But ultimately, I hope that there won't be a fear and there won't be problems, and the world can get along. That would be the ideal situation.It's crazy what's going on -- whether it's the Middle East or you look at -- no matter where the -- Ukraine -- you look at -- whatever you look at, it's got problems, so many problems. And ultimately, I believe that we are going to get rid of most of those problems, and there won't be fear of anybody. That's the way it should be.We have a very big problem in North Korea. And, as I said, I really think that China is going to try very hard, and has already started. A lot of the coal boats have already been turned back -- you saw that yesterday and today -- they've been turned back.The vast amount of coal that comes out of North Korea going to China, they've turned back the boats. That's a big step, and they have many other steps that I know about. So we'll see what happens. It may be effective, it may not be effective. If it's not effective, we will be effective, I can promise you that. Thank you.Thank you very much. Thank you.North Korea and trade.Certainly, I would be. But I think China will want to be stepping up.You're going to see. We'll be talking about it.The President just arrived. He just landed in Palm Beach, so I just saw that.I don't want to mention that, but the answer is no, I haven't.I've shaken them up, and I think we've had one of the most successful 13 weeks in the history of Presidents. If you look at all that we've done and all of the jobs we've created, if you look at the kind of cost-cutting we've been able to achieve with the military and at the same time ordering vast amounts of equipment -- saved hundreds of millions of dollars on airplanes, and really billions, because if you take that out over a period of years it's many billions of dollars -- I think we've had a tremendous success. And we've just begun. And we're going to have a very interesting couple of days.I don't want to say what I'm going to be doing with respect to Syria.We have been treated unfairly and have made terrible deals -- trade deals with China for many, many years. So that's one of the things we're going to be talking about. The other thing, of course, is going to be North Korea, and somehow they will mix. They really do mix. So we're going to be talking about both trade, North Korea, and many other things.No, not at all. No. We have a great person right now in Judge Gorsuch, I mean a great person. And hopefully if there is a second one for me during my administration -- and there could be as many as four -- in fact, under a certain scenario there could even be more than that -- but no, I don't think the nuclear option has any impact on that at all.He's a very good person. I just heard that he did. I think he's a very good person, he's a very honorable guy. And I think he did that maybe for his own reason. He's a high-quality person. And the gentleman replacing him, who I don't know, I hear is a very, very highly respected man, high-quality.With who? What?Nobody shared it with me, that I can tell you ---- because I haven't looked.What Assad did is terrible. I think what happened in Syria is one of the truly egregious crimes and it shouldn't have happened and it shouldn't be allowed to happen.At some point, I may. I haven't, but at some point I may.I think what happened in Syria is a disgrace to humanity. And he's there, and I guess he's running things, so something should happen. Thanks, folks, I'll see you in a little while.Thank you very much. Your Majesty, thank you for being with us today. Very much appreciate it. This is our second meeting since my inauguration, but our first at the White House. A very special place, I can tell you that. I've gotten to know it well. Long hours. Very special.It's really an honor to welcome you here today. But before we begin, let me say a few words about recent events.Yesterday, a chemical attack -- a chemical attack that was so horrific, in Syria, against innocent people, including women, small children, and even beautiful little babies. Their deaths was an affront to humanity. These heinous actions by the Assad regime cannot be tolerate.The United States stands with our allies across the globe to condemn this horrific attack and all other horrific attacks, for that matter.Your Majesty, Jordanians are known for their legendary hospitality, and we will do our very best to be equally gracious hosts. They're also known, however -- I have to say this -- for their fighting ability. And you are a great warrior, and we appreciate it. Thank you.The historical ties and close friendship between our two countries dates back three-quarters of a century. In that time, the Middle East has faced many periods of crisis and unrest, perhaps never like it is today, however. Through them all, America has looked to Jordan as a valued partner, an advocate for the values of civilization, and a source of stability and hope.I am deeply committed to preserving our strong relationship -- which I will -- and to strengthening America's longstanding support for Jordan. And you do have tremendous support within our country, I can tell you that.As we know, the Middle East -- and the entire world -- is faced with one of its gravest threats in many, many years. Since the earliest days of the campaign against ISIS, Jordan has been a staunch ally and partner, and we thank you for that. Jordanian servicemembers have made tremendous sacrifices in this battle against the enemies of civilization, and I want to thank all of them for their, really, just incredible courage. So many have been lost, and we pay homage. So many.In King Abdullah, America is blessed with a thoughtful and determined partner. He is a man who has spent years commanding his country's special forces. He really knows what being a soldier is, that I can tell you. And he knows how to fight. The King has been a leader in calling for a plan to defeat ISIS once and for all. And I'm with you on that. We're both leaders on that, believe me. That's what we speak about today, and that is what we are going to do. And it will be a shorter fight than a lot of people are thinking about, believe me. We've made tremendous strides as we discussed.As you know, we had a very, very fine delegation come over from Egypt and also from Iraq, and they said more has been done in the last six weeks than has been done in years with the previous administration. And believe me, we're going to keep it that way.We will destroy ISIS and we will protect civilization. We have no choice -- we will protect civilization. King Abdullah and I also discussed measures to combat the evil ideology that inspires ISIS and plagues our planet. In addition, we also acknowledge the vital role that Jordan has played in hosting refugees from the conflict in Syria. We have just announced that the United States will contribute additional funds to Jordan for humanitarian assistance.This aid will help countries like Jordan host refugees until it is safe for them to return home. The refugees want to return home. I know that from so many other instances. They want to return back to their home. And that's a goal of any responsible refugee policy.Finally, we discussed to advance the cause of peace in the Middle East, including peace between the Israelis and Palestinians. And I'm working very, very hard on trying to finally create peace between the Palestinians and Israel, and I think we'll be successful. I hope to be successful, I can tell you that.The King has been a really tireless advocate for a solution, and he's going to help me with that and help me at the highest level. And we will be consulting with him closely in the days ahead.King Abdullah, I want to take this opportunity to thank you for your partnership. Working together, the United States and Jordan can help bring peace and stability to the Middle East and, in fact, the entire world. And we will do that. Thank you very, very much for being with us. [Applause]Thank you very much.We'll take a few questions. Julie Pace.Well, I think the Obama administration had a great opportunity to solve this crisis a long time ago when he said the red line in the sand. And when he didn't cross that line after making the threat, I think that set us back a long ways, not only in Syria, but in many other parts of the world, because it was a blank threat. I think it was something that was not one of our better days as a country. So I do feel that, Julie. I feel it very strongly.I now have responsibility, and I will have that responsibility and carry it very proudly, I will tell you that. It is now my responsibility. It was a great opportunity missed. As you know, I'll be meeting with the President of China very soon, in Florida, and that's another responsibility we have -- and that's called the country of North Korea. We have a big problem. We have somebody that is not doing the right thing. And that's going to be my responsibility. But I'll tell you, that responsibility could have been made a lot easier if it was handled years ago.It crossed a lot of lines for me. When you kill innocent children, innocent babies -- babies, little babies -- with a chemical gas that is so lethal -- people were shocked to hear what gas it was -- that crosses many, many lines, beyond a red line. Many, many lines. Thank you very much.Thank you. John Yang.I like to think of myself as a very flexible person. I don't have to have one specific way, and if the world changes, I go the same way, I don't change. Well, I do change and I am flexible, and I'm proud of that flexibility. And I will tell you, that attack on children yesterday had a big impact on me -- big impact. That was a horrible, horrible thing. And I've been watching it and seeing it, and it doesn't get any worse than that.And I have that flexibility, and it's very, very possible -- and I will tell you, it's already happened that my attitude toward Syria and Assad has changed very much. And if you look back over the last few weeks, there were other attacks using gas. You're now talking about a whole different level.And so, as you know, I would love to have never been in the Middle East. I would love to have never seen that whole big situation start. But once it started, we got out the wrong way, and ISIS formed in the vacuum, and lots of bad things happened. I will tell you, what happened yesterday is unacceptable to me.Well, one of the things I think you've noticed about me is, militarily, I don't like to say where I'm going and what I doing. And I watched past administrations say, we will attack at such and such a day at such and such an hour. And you, being a warrior -- you would say, why are they saying that? And I'm sure you sat back in Jordan, and you said, why are they saying that?I watched Mosul, where the past administration was saying, we will be attacking in four months. And I said, why are they doing that? Then a month goes by, and they say, we will be attacking in three months, and then two months, and then we will be attacking next week. And I'm saying, why are they doing that? And as you know, Mosul turned out to be a much harder fight than anyone thought, and a lot of people have been lost in that fight.I'm not saying I'm doing anything one way or the other, but I'm certainly not going to be telling you, as much as I respect you, John. Thank you.And I have to just say that the world is a mess. I inherited a mess. Whether it's the Middle East, whether it's North Korea, whether it's so many other things, whether it's in our country -- horrible trade deals -- I inherited a mess. We're going to fix it. We're going to fix it. Okay.The Iran deal made by the previous administration is one of the worst deals I have ever witnessed -- and I've witnessed some beauties. It's one of the worst deals I've ever witnessed. It should never have been made. It was totally one-sided against the United States, and, frankly, against much of the Middle East.I will do whatever I have to do. They have a deal. It was, some people say, not done properly even in the form of its finalization. There was no vote from Congress. There was no real ratification. But I will do what I have to do with respect to the Iran deal. As far as ISIS is concerned, the United States will work with whoever it's appropriate to work with to totally eradicate ISIS and other terrorists. And, by the way, ISIS is one group, but others have formed. Frankly, they're all over the place. We will do what we have to do to eradicate terrorism.You will see. They will have a message. You will see what the message will be. Okay? Thank you. Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you.Thank you very much. Chancellor Merkel, it is a great honor to welcome you to the people's house, the White House. Our two nations share much in common, including our desire for security, prosperity and peace.We just concluded a productive meeting with German and American companies to discuss workforce development and vocational training, very important words. Germany has done an incredible job training the employees and future employees and employing its manufacturing and industrial workforce. It's crucial that we provide our American workers with a really great employment outlook, and that includes making sure that we harness the full potential of women in our economy.My administration is in the process of rebuilding the American industrial base. A stronger America is in the interest, believe me, of the world as a whole.I reiterated to Chancellor Merkel my strong support for NATO, as well as the need for our NATO allies to pay their fair share for the cost of defense. Many nations owe vast sums of money from past years and it is very unfair to the United States. These nations must pay what they owe. During our meeting, I thanked Chancellor Merkel for the German government's commitment to increase defense spending and work toward contributing at least two percent of GDP.I want to thank the chancellor for her leadership in supporting NATO and its efforts in Afghanistan. This has come at significant cost, including the lives of over 50 German soldiers whose sacrifice we greatly honor. I also appreciate Chancellor Merkel's leadership, along with the French president, to resolve the conflict in Ukraine where we ideally seek a peaceful solution.Most importantly, our two countries must continue to work together to protect our people from radical Islamic terrorism and to defeat ISIS. I applaud Chancellor Merkel for Germany's contributions, both civilian and military, as a counter-ISIS coalition member. We also recognize that immigration security is national security. We must protect our citizens from those who seek to spread terrorism, extremism and violence inside our borders. Immigration is a privilege, not a right, and the safety of our citizens must always come first without question.Over lunch, the chancellor and I will talk about our economic partnership. Me must work together towards fair and reciprocal trade policies that benefit both of our peoples. Millions of hard-working U.S. citizens have been left behind by international commerce, and together, we can shape a future where all of our citizens have a path to financial security. The United States will respect historic institutions and we will also recognize the right of free people to manage their own destiny.The close friendship between America and Germany is built on our shared values. We cherish individual rights, we uphold the rule of law and we seek peace among nations. Our alliance is a symbol of strength and cooperation to the world. It is the foundation of a very, very hopeful future.Thank you.Thank you very much. We'll do a couple of questions. Mark Halperin.Thank you, Mark. We just have a -- a really wonderful group of people meeting later. We met with 12 pretty much noes in Congress. You saw that quite a while ago. And they went from all noes to all yeses. And we have a lot of yeses coming in. It's all coming together.We're gonna have great health care. It's going to be passed I believe -- I think substantially and pretty quickly. It's coming together beautifully. You have the conservative groups, you have other groups. Everybody wants certain things.In the end, we're gonna have a great health care plan. Now, I have to tell you that Obamacare is a disaster. It's failing.I was in Tennessee. We had a tremendous crowd the other night. And they have -- half of the state is uncovered. The insurance companies have left. And the other half has one insurance company. And that'll probably be bailing out pretty soon also. They'll have nobody here.Many states where they have one. And you have a lot of places now where they'll have none. Obamacare will fail. It will fold. It will close up very, very soon if something isn't done.I've often said politically the best thing I can do is absolutely nothing. Wait one year, and then even the Democrats will come say please, please, you got to help us. But it's not the right thing to do for the people.We have a great plan. We have a plan that's getting more and more popular with the Republican base, with the conservative base, and with people generally. The press has covered it very inaccurately. People are truly covered well. And I think it's gonna be something that's going to be a model to be looked upon.I'll tell you after we're finished. [Laughter]A nice, friendly reporter. Well, first of all, I don't believe in an isolationist policy. But I also believe a policy of trade should be a fair policy. And the United States has been treated very, very unfairly by many countries over the years. And that's going to stop. But I'm not an isolationist.I'm a free trader, but I'm also a fair trader. And our free trade has led to a lot of bad things happening. You look at the deficits that we have, and you look at all of the accumulation of debt. We're a very powerful company -- country. We're a very strong -- very strong country.We'll soon be at a level that we perhaps have never been before. Our military is going to be strengthened. It's been depleted. But I am a -- a trader. I am a fair trader. I am a trader that wants to see good for everybody worldwide, but I am not an isolationist by any stretch of the imagination. So I don't know what newspaper you are reading, but I guess that would be another example of, as you say, fake news.I might add that we have many plants and factories coming back into the United States, many jobs are coming back to Michigan, to Ohio, Pennsylvania, to a lot of places where they were losing jobs. And we will have a different policy, but it's going to be a great policy for, not only for the United States, but a great policy worldwide. And I look very much forward to it. Kevin Cirilli.Well, Kevin, I think we have a very unified Republican party. After all, we have the presidency, we have the House, we have the Senate. And we're getting along very well, I will tell you. And if you were at the meeting that I just attended, where we took 12 no's or semi no's, no yes', and within a short period of time, everyone was very much on board. And a commitment to vote yes.I think we have a very unified party. I think actually more unified than even the election. You see when they talk about me, I seem to be very popular, at least this week within the party. Because we have our highest numbers -- the highest numbers that I've ever had in the party.So I think there's a great unification. Health care is a very, very difficult subject, it's a very complex subject, and it's a subject that goes both ways. You do something for one side and the other side doesn't like it. But it's really something that's come together very well, and I think it's going to be very, very popular, extremely popular.On trade with Germany, I think we're going to do fantastically well. Right now, I would say that the negotiators for Germany have done a far better job than the negotiators for the United States, but hopefully we can even it out. We don't want victory, we want fairness. All I want is fairness.Germany has done very well in its trade deals with the United States, and I give them credit for it. But -- and I can speak too many other countries, when you look at China, you look at virtually any country that we do business with, it's not exactly what you call "good for our workers." When you look at the horrible NAFTA transaction, NAFTA has been a disaster for the United States.It's been a disaster for companies, and in particular, it's been a disaster for the workers. A lot of the companies just moved. But the workers are screwed. And it's probably the reason I'm standing here.Maybe number one that and maybe the military, building up our military, which we will do and we will be stronger than ever before and hopefully not have to use it, but we will be stronger and perhaps far stronger than ever before, but it's probably the reason I'm here is when you talk about trade.So I think that we are going to be a very different country. I think we are going to be -- gonna have great values, but in terms of our military, it's going to be much stronger and our trade deals are going to be good, solid deals, not deals that lead to closing plants and tremendous unemployment. OK? Thank you.Very seldom.Probably wouldn't be here right now, but very seldom. We have a tremendous group of people that listen and I can get around the media when the media doesn't tell the truth, so I like that. As far as wiretapping, I guess by this past administration, at least we have something in common, perhaps. [Laughter]And just to finish your question, we said nothing. All we did was quote a certain very talented legal mind who was the one responsible for saying that on television. I didn't make an opinion on it.That was a statement made by a very talented lawyer on Fox, and so you shouldn't be talking to me, you should be talking to Fox. OK?Thank you very much. Great honor, thank you. Thank you.Thank you very much. I just wanted to begin by mentioning that the nominee for secretary of the Department of Labor will be Mr. Alex Acosta. He has a law degree from Harvard Law School, was a great student; former clerk for Justice Samuel Alito. And he has had a tremendous career. He's a member and has been a member of the National Labor Relations Board, and has been through Senate confirmation three times, confirmed; did very, very well.And so Alex, I've wished him the best. We just spoke. And he's going to be -- I think he'll be a tremendous secretary of labor.And also as you probably heard just a little while ago, Mick Mulvaney, former congressman, has just been approved weeks late, I have to say that, weeks, weeks late, Office of Management and Budget. And he will be I think a fantastic addition.Paul Singer just left. As you know, Paul was very much involved with the anti-Trump or as they say, "never Trump." And Paul just left and he's given us his total support. And it's all about unification. We're unifying the party and hopefully we're going to be able to unify the country. It's very important to me. I've been talking about that for a long time. It's very, very important to me.So I want to thank Paul Singer for being here and for coming up to the office. He was a very strong opponent, and now he's a very strong ally. And I appreciate that.I think I'll say a few words, and then we'll take some questions. And I had this time. We've been negotiating a lot of different transactions to save money on contracts that were terrible, including airplane contracts that were out of control and late and terrible; just absolutely catastrophic in terms of what was happening. And we've done some really good work. We're very proud of that.And then right after that, you prepare yourselves, we'll do some questions, unless you have enough questions. That's always a possibility.I'm here today to update the American people on the incredible progress that has been made in the last four weeks since my inauguration. We have made incredible progress. I don't think there's ever been a president elected who in this short period of time has done what we've done.A new Rasmussen poll, in fact -- because the people get it -- much of the media doesn't get it. They actually get it, but they don't write it. Let's put it that way. But a new Rasmussen poll just came out just a very short while ago, and it has our approval rating at 55 percent and going up. The stock market has hit record numbers, as you know. And there has been a tremendous surge of optimism in the business world, which is -- to me means something much different than it used to. It used to mean, "Oh, that's good." Now it means, "That's good for jobs." Very different.Plants and factories are already starting to move back into the United States, and big league -- Ford, General Motors, so many of them. I'm making this presentation directly to the American people, with the media present, which is an honor to have you. This morning, because many of our nation's reporters and folks will not tell you the truth, and will not treat the wonderful people of our country with the respect that they deserve. And I hope going forward we can be a little bit -- a little bit different, and maybe get along a little bit better, if that's possible. Maybe it's not, and that's OK, too.Unfortunately, much of the media in Washington, D.C., along with New York, Los Angeles in particular, speaks not for the people, but for the special interests and for those profiting off a very, very obviously broken system. The press has become so dishonest that if we don't talk about, we are doing a tremendous disservice to the American people. Tremendous disservice. We have to talk to find out what's going on, because the press honestly is out of control. The level of dishonesty is out of control.I ran for president to present the citizens of our country. I am here to change the broken system so it serves their families and their communities well. I am talking -- and really talking on this very entrenched power structure, and what we're doing is we're talking about the power structure; we're talking about its entrenchment. As a result, the media is going through what they have to go through too often times distort -- not all the time -- and some of the media is fantastic, I have to say -- they're honest and fantastic.But much of it is not a -- the distortion -- and we'll talk about it, you'll be able to ask me questions about it. But we're not going to let it happen, because I'm here again, to take my message straight to the people. As you know, our administration inherited many problems across government and across the economy. To be honest, I inherited a mess. It's a mess. At home and abroad, a mess. Jobs are pouring out of the country; you see what's going on with all of the companies leaving our country, going to Mexico and other places, low pay, low wages, mass instability overseas, no matter where you look. The middle east is a disaster. North Korea -- we'll take care of it folks; we're going to take care of it all. I just want to let you know, I inherited a mess.Beginning on day one, our administration went to work to tackle these challenges. On foreign affairs, we've already begun enormously productive talks with many foreign leaders, much of it you've covered, to move forward towards stability, security and peace in the most troubled regions of the world, which there are many. We have had great conversations with the United Kingdom, and meetings. Israel, Mexico, Japan, China and Canada, really, really productive conversations. I would say far more productive than you would understand.We've even developed a new council with Canada to promote women's business leaders and entrepreneurs. It's very important to me, very important to my daughter Ivanka. I have directed our defense community headed by our great general, now Secretary Mattis. He's over there now working very hard to submit a plan for the defeat of ISIS, a group that celebrates the murder and torture of innocent people in large sections of the world. It used to be a small group, now it's in large sections of the world.They've spread like cancer. ISIS has spread like cancer -- another mess I inherited. And we have imposed new sanctions on the nation of Iran, whose totally taken advantage of our previous administration, and they're the world's top sponsor of terrorism, and we're not going to stop until that problem is properly solved. And it's not properly solved now, it's one of the worst agreements I've ever seen drawn by anybody. I've ordered plan to begin building for the massive rebuilding of the United States military. Had great support from the Senate, I've had great from Congress, generally.We've pursued this rebuilding in the hopes that we will never have to use this military, and I will tell you that is my -- I would be so happy if we never had to use it. But our country will never have had a military like the military we're about to build and rebuild. We have the greatest people on earth in our military, but they don't have the right equipment and their equipment is old. I used it; I talked about it at every stop. Depleted, it's depleted -- it won't be depleted for long. And I think one of the reason I'm standing here instead of other people is that frankly, I talked about we have to have a strong military.We have to have a strong law enforcement also. So we do not go abroad in the search of war, we really are searching for peace, but its peace through strength. At home, we have begun the monumental task of returning the government back to the people on a scale not seen in many, many years. In each of these actions, I'm keeping my promises to the American people. These are campaign promises. Some people are so surprised that we're having strong borders.Well, that's what I've been talking about for a year and a half, strong borders. They're so surprised, oh, he having strong borders, well that's what I've been talking about to the press and to everybody else. One promise after another after years of politicians lying to you to get elected. They lied to the American people in order to get elected. Some of the things I'm doing probably aren't popular but they're necessary for security and for other reasons.And then coming to Washington and pursuing their own interests which is more important to many politicians. I'm here following through on what I pledged to do. That's all I'm doing. I put it out before the American people, got 306 electoral college votes. I wasn't supposed to get 222. They said there's no way to get 222, 230's impossible.270 which you need, that was laughable. We got 306 because people came out and voted like they've never seen before so that's the way it goes. I guess it was the biggest electoral college win since Ronald Reagan. In other words, the media's trying to attack our administration because they know we are following through on pledges that we made and they're not happy about it for whatever reason.And -- but a lot of people are happy about it. In fact, I'll be in Melbourne, Florida five o'clock on Saturday and I heard -- just heard that the crowds are massive that want to be there. I turn on the T.V., open the newspapers and I see stories of chaos. Chaos. Yet it is the exact opposite. This administration is running like a fine-tuned machine, despite the fact that I can't get my cabinet approved.And they're outstanding people like Senator Dan Coats who's there, one of the most respected men of the Senate. He can't get approved. How do you not approve him? He's been a colleague -- highly respected. Brilliant guy, great guy, everybody knows it. We're waiting for approval. So we have a wonderful group of people that's working very hard, that's being very much misrepresented about and we can't let that happen.So, if the Democrats who have -- all you have to do is look at where they are right now. The only thing they can do is delay because they screwed things up royally, believe me. Let me list to you some of the things that we've done in just a short period of time. I just got here. And I got here with no cabinet. Again, each of these actions is a promise I made to the American people.I'll go over just some of them and we have a lot happening next week and in the weeks -- in the weeks coming. We've withdrawn from the job-killing disaster known as Trans Pacific Partnership. We're going to make trade deals but we're going to have one on one deals, bilateral. We're going to have one on one deals.We've directed the elimination of regulations that undermine manufacturing and call for expedited approval of the permits needed for America and American infrastructure and that means plant, equipment, roads, bridges, factories. People take 10, 15, 20 years to get disapproved for a factory. They go in for a permit, it's many, many years. And then at the end of the process -- they spend 10s of millions of dollars on nonsense and at the end of the process, they get rejected.Now, they may be rejected with me but it's going to be a quick rejection. Not going to take years. But mostly it's going to be an acceptance. We want plants built and we want factories built and we want the jobs. We don't want the jobs going to other countries. We've imposed a hiring freeze on non-essential federal workers. We've imposed a temporary moratorium on new federal regulations.We've issued a game-changing new rule that says for each one new regulation, two old regulations must be eliminated. Makes sense. Nobody's ever seen regulations like we have. You go to other countries and you look at indexes they have and you say "let me see your regulations" and they're fraction, just a tiny fraction of what we have. And I want regulations because I want safety, I want environmental -- all environmental situations to be taken properly care of. It's very important to me. But you don't need four or five or six regulations to take care of the same thing.We've stood up for the men and women of law enforcement, directing federal agencies to ensure they are protected from crimes of violence. We've directed the creation of a task force for reducing violent crime in America, including the horrendous situation -- take a look at Chicago and others, taking place right now in our inner cities. Horrible.We've ordered the Department of Homeland Security and Justice to coordinate on a plan to destroy criminal cartels coming into the United States with drugs. We're becoming a drug infested nation. Drugs are becoming cheaper than candy bars. We are not going to let it happen any longer.We've undertaken the most substantial border security measures in a generation to keep our nation and our tax dollars safe. And are now in the process of beginning to build a promised wall on the southern border, met with general -- now Secretary Kelly yesterday and we're starting that process. And the wall is going to be a great wall and it's going to be a wall negotiated by me. The price is going to come down just like it has on everything else I've negotiated for the government. And we are going to have a wall that works, not gonna have a wall like they have now which is either non-existent or a joke.We've ordered a crackdown on sanctuary cities that refuse to comply with federal law and that harbor criminal aliens, and we have ordered an end to the policy of catch and release on the border. No more release. No matter who you are, release. We have begun a nationwide effort to remove criminal aliens, gang members, drug dealers and others who pose a threat to public safety. We are saving American lives every single day.The court system has not made it easy for us. And are even creating a new office in Homeland Security dedicated to the forgotten American victims of illegal immigrant violence, which there are many. We have taken decisive action to keep radical Islamic terrorists out of our country. No parts are necessary and constitutional actions were blocked by judges, in my opinion, incorrect, and unsafe ruling. Our administration is working night and day to keep you safe, including reporters safe. And is vigorously defending this lawful order.I will not back down from defending our country. I got elected on defense of our country. I keep my campaign promises, and our citizens will be very happy when they see the result. They already are, I can tell you that. Extreme vetting will be put in place and it already is in place in many places.In fact, we had to go quicker than we thought because of the bad decision we received from a circuit that has been overturned at a record number. I have heard 80 percent, I find that hard to believe, that is just a number I heard, that they are overturned 80 percent of the time. I think that circuit is -- that circuit is in chaos and that circuit is frankly in turmoil. But we are appealing that, and we are going further.We're issuing a new executive action next week that will comprehensively protect our country. So we'll be going along the one path and hopefully winning that, at the same time we will be issuing a new and very comprehensive order to protect our people. That will be done sometime next week, toward the beginning or middle at the latest part. We have also taken steps to begin construction of the Keystone Pipeline and Dakota Access Pipelines. Thousands and thousands of jobs, and put new buy American measures in place to require American steel for American pipelines. In other words, they build a pipeline in this country, and we use the powers of government to make that pipeline happen, we want them to use American steel. And they are willing to do that, but nobody ever asked before I came along. Even this order was drawn and they didn't say that.And I'm reading the order, I'm saying, why aren't we using American steel? And they said, that's a good idea, we put it in. To drain the swamp of corruption in Washington, D.C., I've started by imposing a five-year lobbying ban on White House officials and a lifetime ban on lobbying for a foreign government.We've begun preparing to repeal and replace Obamacare. Obamacare is a disaster, folks. It is's disaster. I know you can say, oh, Obamacare. I mean, they fill up our alleys with people that you wonder how they get there, but they are not the Republican people our that representatives are representing.So we've begun preparing to repeal and replace Obamacare, and are deep in the midst of negotiations on a very historic tax reform to bring our jobs back, to bring our jobs back to this country. Big league. It's already happening. But big league.I've also worked to install a cabinet over the delays and obstruction of Senate Democrats. You've seen what they've done over the last long number of years. That will be one of the great cabinets ever assembled in American history.You look at Rex Tillerson. He's out there negotiating right now. General Mattis I mentioned before, General Kelly. We have great, great people. Mick is with us now. We have great people.Among their responsibilities will be ending the bleeding of jobs from our country and negotiating fair trade deals for our citizens.Now look, fair trade. Not free, fair. If a country is taking advantage of us, not going to let that happen anymore. Every country takes advantage of us almost. I may be able to find a couple that don't. But for the most part, that would be a very tough job for me to do.Jobs have already started to surge. Since my election, Ford announced it will abandon its plans to build a new factory in Mexico, and will instead invest $700 million in Michigan, creating many, many jobs.Fiat Chrysler announced it will invest $1 billion in Ohio and Michigan, creating 2,000 new American jobs. They were with me a week ago. You know you were here.General Motors likewise committed to invest billions of dollars in its American manufacturing operation, keeping many jobs here that were going to leave. And if I didn't get elected, believe me, they would have left. And these jobs and these things that I'm announcing would never have come here.Intel just announced that it will move ahead with a new plant in Arizona that probably was never going to move ahead with. And that will result in at least 10,000 American jobs.Walmart announced it will create 10,000 jobs in the United States just this year because of our various plans and initiatives. There will be many, many more, many more, these are a few that we're naming.Other countries have been taking advantage of us for decades -- decades, and decades, and decades, folks. And we're not going to let that happen anymore. Not going to let it happen.And one more thing, I have kept my promise to the American people by nominating a justice of the United States Supreme Court, Judge Neil Gorsuch, who is from my list of 20, and who will be a true defender of our laws and our Constitution, highly respected, should get the votes from the Democrats. You may not see that. But he'll get there one way or the other. But he should get there the old-fashioned way, and he should get those votes.This last month has represented an unprecedented degree of action on behalf of the great citizens of our country. Again, I say it. There has never been a presidency that's done so much in such a short period of time. And we have not even started the big work yet. That starts early next week.Some very big things are going to be announced next week. So we are just getting started. We will be giving a speech, as I said, in Melbourne, Florida, at 5:00 p.m. I hope to see you there.And with that, I just say, God bless America, and let's take some questions.Mara, Mara, go ahead. You were cut off pretty violently at our last news conference.Mike Flynn is a fine person, and I asked for his resignation. He respectfully gave it. He is a man who there was a certain amount of information given to Vice President Pence, who is with us today. And I was not happy with the way that information was given.He didn't have to do that, because what he did wasn't wrong -- what he did in terms of the information he saw. What was wrong was the way that other people, including yourselves in this room, were given that information, because that was classified information that was given illegally. That's the real problem.And, you know, you can talk all you want about Russia, which was all a, you know, fake news, fabricated deal, to try and make up for the loss of the Democrats and the press plays right into it. In fact, I saw a couple of the people that were supposedly involved with all of this -- that they know nothing about it; they weren't in Russia; they never made a phone call to Russia; they never received a phone call.It's all fake news. It's all fake news. The nice thing is, I see it starting to turn, where people are now looking at the illegal -- I think it's very important -- the illegal, giving out classified information. It was -- and let me just tell you, it was given out like so much.I'll give you an example. I called, as you know, Mexico. It was a very, very confidential, classified call. But I called Mexico. And in calling Mexico, I figured, oh, well that's -- I spoke to the president of Mexico; I had a good call. All of a sudden, it's out there for the world to see. It's supposed to be secret. It's supposed to be either confidential or classified, in that case.Same thing with Australia. All of a sudden, people are finding out exactly what took place. The same thing happened with respect to General Flynn. Everybody saw this. And I'm saying -- the first thing I thought of when I heard about it is: How does the press get this information that's classified? How do they do it?You know why? Because it's an illegal process and the press should be ashamed of themselves. But more importantly, the people that gave out the information to the press should be ashamed of themselves, really ashamed.Yes, go ahead.Because when I looked at the information, I said, "I don't think he did anything wrong; if anything, he did something right." He was coming into office. He looked at the information. He said, "Huh, that's fine." That's what they're supposed to do. They're supposed to -- he didn't just call Russia. He called and spoke to both ways, I think there were 30-some-odd countries. He's doing the job.You know, he was doing his job. The thing is, he didn't tell our vice president properly, and then he said he didn't remember. So either way, it wasn't very satisfactory to me. And I have somebody that I think will be outstanding for the position. And that also helps, I think, in the making of my decision.But he didn't tell the vice president of the United States the facts. And then he didn't remember. And that just wasn't acceptable to me. Yes?The failing New York Times wrote a big, long front-page story yesterday. And it was very much discredited, as you know. It was -- it's a joke. And the people mentioned in the story, I notice they were on television today saying they never even spoke to Russia. They weren't even a part, really -- I mean, they were such a minor part. They -- I hadn't spoken to them.I think the one person -- I don't think I've ever spoken to him. I don't think I've ever met him. And he actually said he was a very low-level member of I think a committee for a short period of time. I don't think I ever met him. Now, it's possible that I walked into a room and he was sitting there, but I don't think I ever met him. I didn't talk to him ever. And he thought it was a joke.The other person said he never spoke to Russia; never received a call. Look at his phone records, et cetera, et cetera. And the other person, people knew that he represented various countries, but I don't think he represented Russia, but knew that he represented various countries. That's what he does. I mean, people know that.That's Mr. Manafort, who's -- by the way, who's by the way a respected man. He's a respected man. But I think he represented the Ukraine or Ukraine government or somebody, but everybody -- people knew that. Everybody knew that.So, these people -- and he said that he has absolutely nothing to do and never has with Russia. And he said that very forcefully. I saw his statement. He said it very forcefully. Most of the papers don't print it because that's not good for their stories.So the three people that they talked about all totally deny it. And I can tell you, speaking for myself, I own nothing in Russia. I have no loans in Russia. I don't have any deals in Russia. President Putin called me up very nicely to congratulate me on the win of the election.He then, called me up extremely nicely to congratulate me on the inauguration, which was terrific. But so did many other leaders, almost all other leaders from almost all of the country. So that's the extent.Russia is fake news. Russia -- this is fake news put out by the media. The real news is the fact that people, probably from the Obama administration because they're there, because we have our new people going in place, right now.As you know, Mike Pompeo has -- has now taken control of the CIA, James Comey at FBI, Dan Coats is waiting to be approved, I mean he is a senator and a highly respected one and he's still waiting to be approved. But our new people are going in.And just while you're at it, because you mentioned this, Wall Street Journal did a story today that was almost as disgraceful as the failing New York Time's story, yesterday. And it talked about -- these are front page.So director of national intelligence just put out, acting a statement, any suggestion that the United States intelligence community, this was just given to us, is withholding information and not providing the best possible intelligence to the president and his national security team is not true.So they took this front page story out of The Wall Street Journal top and they just wrote the story that its not true. And I'll tell you something, I'll be honest, because I sort of enjoy this back and forth that I guess I have all my life but I've never seen more dishonest media than frankly, the political media. I thought the financial media was much better, much more honest.But I will say that, I never get phone calls from the media. How did they write a story like that in The Wall Street Journal without asking me or how did they write a story in The New York Times, put it on front page?That was like the story they wrote about the women and me, front page, big massive story. And it was nasty and then they called, they said we never said that, we like Mr. Trump. They called up my office, we like Mr. Trump, we never said that.And it was totally -- they totally misrepresented those very wonderful women, I have to tell you, totally misrepresented. I said give us the retraction. They never gave us a retraction and frankly, I then went on to other things.OK, go ahead.Yeah....I'm skipping that information, I don't know, I was just given we had a very, very big margin.Well, I don't know, I was given that information. I was given -- I actually, I've seen that information around. But it was a very substantial victory, do you agree with that? OK thank you, that's... [Crosstalk]Go ahead Sir, yes?We are.Well, first of all about that, we now have Dan Coats, hopefully soon, Mike Pompeo and James Comey and they're in position so I hope that we'll be able to straighten that out without using anybody else.The gentleman you mentioned is a very talented man, very successful man and he's offered his services and you know, it's something we may take advantage of. But I don't think we're need that at all because of the fact that you know, I think that we are gonna be able to straighten it out very easily on its own.As far as the general's concerned, when I first heard about it, I said huh, that doesn't sound wrong. My counsel came, Don McGahn, White House Counsel, and he told me and I asked him, he can speak very well for himself. He said he doesn't think anything is wrong, you know, really didn't think.It was really, what happened after that but he didn't think anything was done wrong. I didn't either because I waited a period of time and I started to think about it, I said "well I don't see" -- to me, he was doing the job.The information was provided by -- who I don't know, Sally Yates. And I was a little surprised because I said "doesn't sound like he did anything wrong there." But he did something wrong with respect to the vice president and I thought that was not acceptable. As far as -- as far as the actual making the call, fact I've watched various programs and I've read various articles where he was just doing his job.That was very normal. You know, first everybody got excited because they thought he did something wrong. After they thought about it, it turned out he was just doing his job. So -- and I do. And by the way, with all of that being said, I do think he's a fine man....Go ahead. Finish off then I'll get you....Yes, we're looking at them very -- very, very serious. I've gone to all of the folks in charge of the various agencies and we're -- I've actually called the Justice Department to look into the leaks. Those are criminal leaks. They're put out by people either in agencies -- I think you'll see it stopping because now we have our people in. You know, again, we don't have our people in because we can't get them approved by the Senate.We just had Jeff Sessions approved. Injustice, as an example. So, we are looking into that very seriously. It's a criminal act. You know what I say, when I -- when I was called out on Mexico, I was shocked because all this equipment, all this incredible phone equipment -- when I was called out on Mexico, I was -- honestly, I was really, really surprised.But I said "you know, it doesn't make sense. That won't happen" but that wasn't that important a call, it was fine, I could show it to the world and he could show it to the world, the president who's a very fine man, by the way. Same thing with Australia. I said "that's terrible that it was leaked" but it wasn't that important. But then I said to myself "what happens when I'm dealing with the problem of North Korea?"What happens when I'm dealing with the problems in the Middle East? Are you folks going to be reporting all of that very, very confidential information, very important, very -- you know, I mean at the highest level? Are you going to be reporting about that too? So, I don't want classified information getting out to the public and in a way that was almost a test.So I'm dealing with Mexico, I'm dealing with Argentina, we were dealing on this case with Mike Flynn. All this information gets put into the "Washington Post" and gets put into the "New York Times" and I'm saying "what's going to happen when I'm dealing on the Middle East? What's going to happen when I'm dealing with really, really important subjects like North Korea?We got to stop it. That's why it's a criminal penalty.Well the leaks are real. You're the one that wrote about them and reported them, I mean the leaks are real. You know what they said, you saw it and the leaks are absolutely real. The news is fake because so much of the news is fake. So one thing that I felt it was very important to do -- and I hope we can correct it. Because there's nobody I have more respect for -- well, maybe a little bit but the reporters, good reporters.It's very important to me and especially in this position. It's very important. I don't mind bad stories. I can handle a bad story better than anybody as long as it's true and, you know, over a course of time, I'll make mistakes and you'll write badly and I'm OK with that. But I'm not OK when it is fake. I mean, I watch CNN, it's so much anger and hatred and just the hatred.I don't watch it any more because it's very good -- he's saying no. It's OK, Jim. It's OK, Jim, you'll have your chance. But I watch others too. You're not the only one so don't feel badly. But I think it should be straight. I think it should be -- I think it would be frankly more interesting. I know how good everybody's ratings are right now but I think that actually -- I think that'd actually be better.People -- I mean, you have a lower approval rate than Congress. I think that's right. I don't know, Peter, is that one right? Because you know I think they have lower -- I heard lower than Congress. But honestly, the public would appreciate it, I'd appreciate it -- again, I don't mind bad stories when it's true but we have an administration where the Democrats are making it very difficult.I think we're setting a record or close to a record in the time of approval of a cabinet. I mean, the numbers are crazy. When I'm looking, some of them had them approved immediately.I'm going forever and I still have a lot of people that we're waiting for. And that's all they're doing, is delaying. And you look at Schumer and the mess that he's got over there and they have nothing going. The only thing they can do is delay. And, you know, I think that they'd be better served by, you know, approving and making sure that they're happy and everybody's good.And sometimes -- I mean, I know President Obama lost three or four, and you lose them on the way, and that's OK. That's fine. But I think it would -- I think they would be much better served, John, if they just went through the process quickly. This is pure delay tactics.And they say it, and everybody understands it. Yeah, go ahead, Jimmy.Well, I had nothing to do with it. I have nothing to do with Russia. I told you, I have no deals there, I have no anything. Now, when WikiLeaks, which I had nothing to do with, comes out and happens to give, they're not giving classified information. They're giving stuff -- what was said at an office about Hillary cheating on the debates.Which, by the way, nobody mentions. Nobody mentions that Hillary received the questions to the debates. Can you imagine -- seriously -- can you imagine if I received the questions? It would be the electric chair. OK, he should be put in the electric -- you would even call for the reinstitution of the death penalty, OK. Maybe not you John. Yes? We'll do you next Jim, I do you next.Yes, yes, sureNo, I didn't.No, I didn't.No, I didn't.Excuse me.No, I fired him because of what he said to Mike Pence. Very simple. Mike was doing his job. He was calling countries and his counterparts. So, it certainly would have been OK with me if he did it. I would have directed him to do it if I thought he wasn't doing it.I didn't direct him, but I would have directed him because that's his job. And it came out that way -- and in all fairness, I watched Dr. Charles Krauthammer the other night say he was doing his job and I agreed with him. And since then, I've watched many other people say that.No, I didn't direct him, but I would have directed him if he didn't do it. OK? Jim?OK.Ask -- ask Jeff Zucker how he got his job. OK?Well, that's -- well, you know, we do have other people. You do have other people and your ratings aren't as good as some of the other people that are waiting.OK, go ahead, John.I was OK with it.Well, she was actually missing 33 and then that got extended with a pile after that.No -- no, but I did say 30. But it was actually higher than that.OK, fair question. Ready?No -- no, but let me do one at a time.Do you mind?All right. So, in one case, you're talking about highly classified information. In the other case, you're talking about John Podesta saying bad things about the boss. I will say this, if John Podesta said that about me and he was working for me, I would have fired him so fast your head would have spun.He said terrible things about her. But it wasn't classified information. But in one case, you're talking about classified -- regardless, if you look at the RNC, we had a very strong -- at my suggestion -- and I give Reince great credit for this -- at my suggestion, because I know something about this world, I said I want a very strong defensive mechanism.I don't want to be hacked. And we did that. And you have seen that they tried to hack us and they failed. The DNC did not do that. And if they did it, they could not have been hacked. But they were hacked and terrible things came in. And, you know, the only thing that I do think is unfair is some of the things were so -- they were -- when I heard some of those things I picked up the papers the next morning and said, oh, this is going to be front page, it wasn't even in the papers.Again, if I had that happen to me, it would be the biggest story in the history of publishing or the head of newspapers. I would have been headline in every newspaper. I mean, think of it. They gave her the questions to a debate and she -- and she should have reported herself.Why did Hillary Clinton announce that, "I'm sorry, but I have been given the questions to a debate or a town hall, and I feel that it's inappropriate, and I want to turn in CNN for not doing a good job."The reporting is fake. Look, look... [Crosstalk]You know what it is? Here's the thing. The public isn't -- you know, they read newspapers, they see television, they watch. They don't know if it's true or false because they're not involved. I'm involved. I've been involved with this stuff all my life. But I'm involved. So I know when you're telling the truth or when you're not. I just see many, many untruthful things.And I'll tell you what else I see. I see tone. You know the word "tone." The tone is such hatred. I'm really not a bad person, by the way. No, but the tone is such -- I do get good ratings, you have to admit that -- the tone is such hatred.I watched this morning a couple of the networks. And I have to say, Fox & Friends in the morning, they're very honorable people. They're very -- not because they're good, because they hit me also when I do something wrong. But they have the most honest morning show. That's all I can say. It's the most honest.But the tone, Jim. If you look -- the hatred. The, I mean, sometimes -- sometimes somebody gets... [Crosstalk]Well, you look at your show that goes on at 10 o'clock in the evening. You just take a look at that show. That is a constant hit. The panel is almost always exclusive anti-Trump. The good news is he doesn't have good ratings. But the panel is almost exclusive anti-Trump. And the hatred and venom coming from his mouth; the hatred coming from other people on your network.Now, I will say this. I watch it. I see it. I'm amazed by it. And I just think you'd be a lot better off, I honestly do. The public gets it, you know. Look, when I go to rallies, they turn around, they start screaming at CNN. They want to throw their placards at CNN. You know.I -- I think you would do much better by being different. But you just take a look. Take a look at some of your shows in the morning and the evening. If a guest comes out and says something positive about me, it's -- it's brutal.Now, they'll take this news conference -- I'm actually having a very good time, OK? But they'll take this news conference -- don't forget, that's the way I won. Remember, I used to give you a news conference every time I made a speech, which was like every day. OK? [Crosstalk]No, that's how I won. I won with news conferences and probably speeches. I certainly didn't win by people listening to you people. That's for sure. But I'm having a good time.Tomorrow, they will say, "Donald Trump rants and raves at the press." I'm not ranting and raving. I'm just telling you. You know, you're dishonest people. But -- but I'm not ranting and raving. I love this. I'm having a good time doing it.But tomorrow, the headlines are going to be, "Donald Trump rants and raves." I'm not ranting and raving.Go ahead.Should I let him have a little bit more? What do you think, Peter? Peter, should I have -- let him have a little bit more?Sit down. Sit down. We'll... [Crosstalk]I'm changing it from fake news, though.Very fake news.Go ahead.And you're not related to our new...I looked -- you know, I looked at that name. I said, wait a minute, is there any relation there? Alex Acosta.OK. Now I checked it -- I said -- they said, "No, sir." I said, "Do me a favor, go back and check the family tree."I do that.No, no. I do that. Here's the thing. OK. I understand what you're -- and you're right about that, except this. See, I know when I should get good and when I should get bad. And sometimes I'll say, "Wow, that's going to be a great story." And I'll get killed.I know what's good and bad. I'd be a pretty good reporter, not as good as you. But I know what's good. I know what's bad. And when they change it and make it really bad, something that should be positive -- sometimes something that should be very positive, they'll make OK. They'll even make it negative.So I understand it. So, because I'm there. I know what was said. I know who's saying it. I'm there. So it's very important to me.Look, I want to see an honest press. When I started off today by saying that it's so important to the public to get an honest press. The press -- the public doesn't believe you people anymore. Now, maybe I had something to do with that. I don't know. But they don't believe you. If you were straight and really told it like it is, as Howard Cosell used to say, right?Of course, he had some questions also. But if you were straight, I would be your biggest booster. I would be your biggest fan in the world, including bad stories about me. But if you go -- as an example, you're CNN, I mean it's story after story after story is bad. I won. I won. And the other thing, chaos because zero chaos. We are running -- this is a fine-tuned machine and Reince happens to be doing a good job but half of his job is putting out lies by the press.You know, I said to him yesterday this whole Russia scam that you guys are building so that you don't talk about the real subject which is illegal leaks, but I watched him yesterday working so hard to try and get that story proper. And I'm saying "here's my chief of staff," a really good guy, did a phenomenal job at RNC. I mean, he won the election, right?We won the presidency. We got some senators, we got some -- all over the country, you take a look, he's done a great job. And I said to myself, you know -- and I said to somebody that was in the room, I said "you take a look at Reince, he's working so hard just putting out fires that are fake fires." I mean, they're fake. They're not true. And isn't that a shame because he'd rather be working on healthcare, he'd rather be working on tax reform, Jim.I mean that. I would be your biggest fan in the world if you treated me right. I sort of understand there's a certain bias maybe by Jeff or somebody, you know -- you know, whatever reason. But -- and I understand that. But you've got to be at least a little bit fair and that's why the public sees it. They see it. They see it's not fair. You take a look at some of your shows and you see the bias and the hatred.And the public is smart, they understand it. Go ahead....I think they don't believe it. I don't think the public -- that's why the Rasmussen poll just has me through the roof. I don't think they believe it. Well, I guess one of the reasons I'm here today is to tell you the whole Russian thing, that's a ruse. That's a ruse. And by the way, it would be great if we could get along with Russia, just so you understand that.Now tomorrow, you'll say "Donald Trump wants to get along with Russia, this is terrible." It's not terrible. It's good. We had Hillary Clinton try and do a reset. We had Hillary Clinton give Russia 20 percent of the uranium in our country. You know what uranium is, right? This thing called nuclear weapons like lots of things are done with uranium including some bad things.Nobody talks about that. I didn't do anything for Russia. I've done nothing for Russia. Hillary Clinton gave them 20 percent of our uranium. Hillary Clinton did a reset, remember? With the stupid plastic button that made us all look like a bunch of jerks. Here, take a look. He looked at her like, what the hell is she doing with that cheap plastic button?Hillary Clinton -- that was the reset, remember it said reset? Now if I do that, oh, I'm a bad guy. If we could get along with Russia, that's a positive thing. We have a very talented man, Rex Tillerson, who's going to be meeting with them shortly and I told him. I said "I know politically it's probably not good for me." The greatest thing I could do is shoot that ship that's 30 miles off shore right out of the water.Everyone in this country's going to say "oh, it's so great." That's not great. That's not great. I would love to be able to get along with Russia. Now, you've had a lot of presidents that haven't taken that tack. Look where we are now. Look where we are now. So, if I can -- now, I love to negotiate things, I do it really well, and all that stuff. But -- but it's possible I won't be able to get along with Putin.Maybe it is. But I want to just tell you, the false reporting by the media, by you people, the false, horrible, fake reporting makes it much harder to make a deal with Russia. And probably Putin said "you know." He's sitting behind his desk and he's saying "you know, I see what's going on in the United States, I follow it closely. It's going to be impossible for President Trump to ever get along with Russia because of all the pressure he's got with this fake story." OK?And that's a shame because if we could get along with Russia -- and by the way, China and Japan and everyone. If we could get along, it would be a positive thing, not a negative thing.Tax reform is going to happen fairly quickly. We're doing Obamacare. We're in final stages. We should be submitting the initial plan in March, early March, I would say. And we have to, as you know, statutorily and for reasons of budget, we have to go first. It's not like, frankly, the tax would be easier, in my opinion, but for statutory reasons and for budgetary reasons, we have to submit the healthcare sooner.So we'll be submitting healthcare sometime in early March, mid-March. And after that, we're going to come up, and we're doing very well on tax reform. Yes?OK.Not good.Not good.Excuse me, excuse me. When did it happen? It happened when, if you were Putin right now, you would say, "Hey, we're back to the old games with the United States; there's no way Trump can ever do a deal with us." Because the -- you have to understand. If I was just brutal on Russia right now, just brutal, people would say, you would say, "Oh, isn't that wonderful." But I know you well enough.Then you would say, "Oh, he was too tough; he shouldn't have done that." Look, all of the... [Crosstalk]Wait a minute. Wait, wait. Excuse me just one second. [Crosstalk]All of those things that you mentioned are very recent, because probably Putin assumes that he's not going to be able to make a deal with me because it's politically not popular for me to make a deal. So Hillary Clinton tries a re-set. It failed. They all tried. But I'm different than those people. Go ahead.I have. I have. And I'm so beautifully represented. I'm so honored that the Senate approved him. He's going to be fantastic.Yes, I think that I've already...No, I don't think so. I think Putin probably assumes that he can't make a deal with me anymore because politically it would be unpopular for a politician to make a deal. I can't believe I'm saying I'm a politician, but I guess that's what I am now.Because, look, it would be much easier for me to be tough on Russia, but then we're not going to make a deal.Now, I don't know that we're going to make a deal. I don't know. We might. We might not. But it would be much easier for me to be so tough -- the tougher I am on Russia, the better. But you know what? I want to do the right thing for the American people. And to be honest, secondarily, I want to do the right thing for the world.If Russia and the United States actually got together and got along -- and don't forget, we're a very powerful nuclear country and so are they. There's no up-side. We're a very powerful nuclear country and so are they. I have been briefed. And I can tell you one thing about a briefing that we're allowed to say because anybody that ever read the most basic book can say it, nuclear holocaust would be like no other.They're a very powerful nuclear country and so are we. If we have a good relationship with Russia, believe me, that's a good thing, not a bad thing.Who did I say is not good?No, it's not good, but they happened.They all happened recently.No... [Crosstalk]They all happened recently. And I understand what they're doing because they're doing the same thing.Now, again, maybe I'm not going to be able to do a deal with Russia, but at least I will have tried. And if I don't, does anybody really think that Hillary Clinton would be tougher on Russia than Donald Trump? Does anybody in this room really believe that? OK?But I tell you one thing, she tried to make a deal. She had the re-set. She gave all that valuable uranium away. She did other things. You know, they say I'm close to Russia. Hillary Clinton gave away 20 percent of the uranium in the United States. She's close to Russia.I gave -- you know what I gave to Russia? You know what I gave? Nothing.I'm not going to tell you anything about what response I do. I don't talk about military response. I don't say I'm going into Mosul in four months. "We are going to attack Mosul in four months." Then three months later, "We are going to attack Mosul in one month." "Next week, we are going to attack Mosul."In the meantime, Mosul is very, very difficult. Do you know why? Because I don't talk about military, and I don't talk about certain other things, you're going to be surprised to hear that. And by the way, my whole campaign, I'd say that. So I don't have to tell you. I don't want to be one of these guys that say, "Yes, here's what we're going to do." I don't have to do that. I don't have to tell you what I'm going to do in North Korea. [Crosstalk]Wait a minute. I don't have to tell you what I'm going to do in North Korea. And I don't have to tell you what I'm going to do with Iran. You know why? Because they shouldn't know. And eventually, you guys are going to get tired of asking that question.So when you ask me what am I going to do with a ship, the Russian ship as an example, I'm not going to tell you. But hopefully, I won't have to do anything, but I'm not going to tell you. OK.Where are you from?Here's another beauty.Yeah. Sure.Just like CNN right?Yeah, I do. I do. Let me tell you about this government...Wait. Wait. I know who you are. Just wait.Let me tell you about the travel ban. We had a very smooth rollout of the travel ban. But we had a bad court. Got a bad decision. We had a court that's been overturned. Again, may be wrong. But I think it's 80 percent of the time, a lot.We had a bad decision. We're going to keep going with that decision. We're going to put in a new executive order next week some time. But we had a bad decision.That's the other thing that was wrong with the travel ban. You had Delta with a massive problem with their computer system at the airports. You had some people that were put out there, brought by very nice busses, and they were put out at various locations.Despite that the only problem that we had is we had a bad court. We had a court that gave us what I consider to be, with great respect, a very bad decision. Very bad for the safety and security of our country. The rollout was perfect.Now, what I wanted to do was do the exact same executive order, but said one thing. I said this to my people. Give them a one-month period of time. But General Kelly, now Secretary Kelly, said, if you do that, all these people will come in, in the month -- the bad ones.You do agree there are bad people out there, right? That not everybody that's like you. You have some bad people out there.Kelly said you can't do that. And he was right. As soon as he said it I said wow, never thought of it. I said how about one week? He said no good. You got to do it immediately because if you do it immediately they don't have time to come in.Now nobody ever reports that. But that's why we did it quickly.Now, if I would've done it a month, everything would've been perfect. The problem is we would've wasted a lot of time, and maybe a lot of lives because a lot of bad people would've come into our country.Now in the meantime, we're vetting very, very strongly. Very, very strongly. But we need help. And we need help by getting that executive order passed.Yes? Go ahead.Well I told you, Gen. Flynn obviously was dealing. So that's one person. But he was dealing, as he should have been.No. Nobody that I know of. Nobody...Look, look, look...How many times do I have to answer this question?Russia is a ruse.I know you have to get up and ask a question. It's so important.Russia is a ruse. I have nothing to do with Russia. Haven't made a phone call to Russia in years. Don't speak to people from Russia. Not that I wouldn't. I just have nobody to speak to.I spoke to Putin twice. He called me on the election. I told you this. And he called me on the inauguration, a few days ago.We had a very good talk, especially the second one, lasted for a pretty long period of time. I'm sure you probably get it because it was classified. So I'm sure everybody in this room perhaps has it. But we had a very, very good talk.I have nothing to do with Russia. To the best of my knowledge no person that I deal with does.Now, Manafort has totally denied it. He denied it. Now people knew that he was a consultant over in that part of the world for a while, but not for Russia. I think he represented Ukraine or people having to do with Ukraine, or people that -- whoever. But people knew that. Everybody knew that.You know what? He said no. I could only tell you what he -- now he was replaced long before the election. You know that, right?He was replaced long before the election. When all of this stuff started coming out, it came out during the election. But Paul Manafort, who's a good man also by the way, Paul Manfort was replaced long before the election took place. He was only there for a short period of time.How much longer should we stay here, folks?Five more minutes. Is that OK? Five?Wait. Let's see. Who's -- I want to find a friendly reporter.Are you a friendly reporter? Watch how friendly he is. Wait. Wait. Watch how friendly he is. Go ahead.Now, Manafort has totally denied it. He denied it. Now people knew that he was a consultant over in that part of the world for a while, but not for Russia. I think he represented Ukraine or people having to do with Ukraine, or people that -- whoever. But people knew that. Everybody knew that.You know what? He said no. I could only tell you what he -- now he was replaced long before the election. You know that, right?He was replaced long before the election. When all of this stuff started coming out, it came out during the election. But Paul Manafort, who's a good man also by the way, Paul Manfort was replaced long before the election took place. He was only there for a short period of time.How much longer should we stay here, folks?Five more minutes. Is that OK? Five?Wait. Let's see. Who's -- I want to find a friendly reporter.Are you a friendly reporter? Watch how friendly he is. Wait. Wait. Watch how friendly he is. Go ahead.You see, he said he was going to ask a very simple, easy question. And it's not. It's not a simple question, not a fair question. Okay, sit down, I understand the rest of your question. So here's the story, folks. Number one, I am the least anti-Semitic person that you've ever seen in your entire life. Number two, racism. The least racist person.In fact, we did relatively well, relative to other people running as a Republican—quiet, quiet, quiet. See, he lied about—he was going to get up and ask a very straight, simple question. So, welcome to the world of the media.But let me just tell you something, that I hate the charge. I find it repulsive. I hate even the question because people that know me—and you heard the prime minister, you heard Betanyahu [sic] yesterday—did you hear him?—Bibi--he said, "I've known Donald Trump for a long time," and then he said, "Forget it." So you should take that, instead of having to get up and ask a very insulting question like that. Just shows you about the press but that's the way the press is.Yeah, go ahead. Go ahead.See, it just shows you about the press, but that's the way the press is.Yeah.It's a very fair question.Right.We're gonna show great heart, DACA is a very, very difficult subject for me, I will tell you. To me, it's one of the most difficult subjects I have because you have these incredible kids.In many cases, not in all cases. And some of the cases, having DACA and they're gang members and they're drug dealers, too. But you have some absolutely, incredible kids, I would say mostly. They were brought here in such a way -- it's a very -- it's a very, very tough subject.We're gonna deal with DACA with heart. I have to deal with a lot of politicians, don't forget and I have to convince them that what I'm saying is -- is right. And I appreciate your understanding on that.But the DACA situation is a very, very -- it's a very difficult thing for me because you know, I love these kids, I love kids, I have kids and grandkids. And I find it very, very hard doing what the law says exactly to do and you know, the law is rough.I'm not talking about new laws, I'm talking the existing law, is very rough, it's very, very rough. As far as the new order, the new order is going to be very much tailored to the what I consider to be a very bad decision.But we can tailor the order to that decision and get just about everything, in some ways, more. But we're tailoring it now to the decision, we have some of the best lawyers in the country working on it.And the new executive order, is being tailored to the decision we got down from the court. OK?Yes.Now, that's what I call a nice question. That is very -- who are you with?Good, I'm gonna start watching, all right? Thank you very much. Melania's terrific, she was here last night, we had dinner with Senator Rubio and his wife who is by the way, lovely.And we had a really good discussion about Cuba because we have very similar views on Cuba. And Cuba was very good to me in the Florida election, as you know the Cuban Americans. And I think that Melania's gonna be outstanding, that's right, she just opened up the visitors center, in other words, touring of the White House.She, like others that she's working with, feel very, very strongly about women's issue, women's difficulties. Very, very strongly, she's a very, very strong advocate. I think she's a great representative for this country.And a funny thing happens, because she gets -- she gets so unfairly -- Melania, the things they say. I've known her for a long time, she was a very successful person, she was a very successful model. She did really well.She would go home at night and didn't even want to go out with people. She was a very private person. She was always the highest quality that you'll ever find. And the things they say -- I've known her for a long time -- the things they say are so unfair. And actually, she's been apologized to, as you know, by various media because they said things that were lies.I'll just tell you this. I think she's going to be a fantastic first lady. She's going to be a tremendous representative of women and of the people. And helping her and working her will be Ivanka, who is a fabulous person and a fabulous, fabulous woman. And they're not doing this for money.They're not doing this for pay, they're doing this because they feel it; both of them. And Melania goes back and forth and after Barron finishes school -- because it's hard to take a child out of school with a few months left -- she and Barron will be moving over to the White House. OK, thank you, that's a very nice question. [Crosstalk]Go ahead.Yes, oh, this is going to be a bad question, but that's OK.Good, because I enjoy watching you on television. Go ahead.Fix the inner cities.Yep.That was very professional and very good.We'll be announcing the order in a little while and I'd rather let the order speak for itself. But it could be something that I think that will be very good for everybody concerned. But we'll talk to you about that after we do the announcement. As far as the inner cities, as you know, I was very strong on the inner cities during the campaign.I think it's probably what got me a much higher percentage of the African American vote than a lot of people thought I was going to get. We did, you know, much higher than people thought I was going to get. And I was honored by that, including the Hispanic vote, which was also much higher.And by the way, if I might add, including the women's vote, which was much higher than people thought I was going to get. So, we are going to be working very hard on the inner cities, having to do with education, having to do with crime. We're going to try and fix as quickly as possible -- you know, it takes a long time.It's taken more a hundred years and more for some of these places to evolve and they evolved, many of them, very badly. But we're going to be working very hard on health and healthcare, very, very hard on education, and also we're going to be working in a stringent way, in a very good way, on crime.You go to some of these inner city places and it's so sad when you look at the crime. You have people -- and I've seen this, and I've sort of witnessed it -- in fact, in two cases I have actually witnessed it. They lock themselves into apartments, petrified to even leave, in the middle of the day.They're living in hell. We can't let that happen. So, we're going to be very, very strong. That's a great question and -- and it's a -- it's a very difficult situation because it's been many, many years. It's been festering for many, many years. But we have places in this country that we have to fix.We have to help African American people that, for the most part, are stuck there. Hispanic American people. We have Hispanic American people that are in the inner cities and their living in hell. I mean, you look at the numbers in Chicago. There are two Chicagos, as you know.There's one Chicago that's incredible, luxurious and all -- and safe. There's another Chicago that's worse than almost any of the places in the Middle East that we talk, and that you talk about, every night on the newscasts. So, we're going to do a lot of work on the inner cities.I have great people lined up to help with the inner cities. OK?Am I going to include who?Well, I would. I tell you what, do you want to set up the meeting?Do you want to set up the meeting?Are they friends of yours?Well, then set up the meeting.Let's go set up a meeting. I would love to meet with the Black Caucus. I think it's great, the Congressional Black Caucus. I think it's great. I actually thought I had a meeting with Congressman Cummings and he was all excited. And then he said, well, I can't move, it might be bad for me politically. I can't have that meeting.I was all set to have the meeting. You know, we called him and called him. And he was all set. I spoke to him on the phone, very nice guy.He wanted it, but we called, called, called and can't make a meeting with him. Every day I walk and say I would like to meet with him because I do want to solve the problem. But he probably was told by Schumer or somebody like that, some other lightweight. He was probably told - he was probably told "don't meet with Trump. It's bad politics."And that's part of the problem in this country. OK, one more.No, no, one question. Two we can't handle. This room can't handle two. Go ahead, give me the better of your two....And some of it - can I be honest with you? And this has to do with racism and horrible things that are put up. Some of it written by our opponents. You do know that. Do you understand that? You don't think anybody would do a thing like that. Some of the signs you'll see are not put up by the people that love or like Donald Trump, they're put up by the other side and you think it's like playing it straight?No. But you have some of those signs and some of that anger is caused by the other side. They'll do signs and they'll do drawings that are inappropriate. It won't be my people. It will be the people on the other side to anger people like you. OK. [Crosstalk]Go ahead, go ahead.Who is that? Where is that?Oh, I'm working on it. I'm working on it very - no, no, look. Hey, just so you understand, we had a totally divided country for eight years and long before that. In all fairness to President Obama, long before President Obama we have had a very divided - I didn't come along and divide this country. This country was seriously divided before I got here.We're going to work on it very hard. One of the questions I was asked, I thought it was a very good question was about the inner cities. I mean, that's part of it. But we're going to work on education, we're going to work on - you know, we're going to stop - we're going to try and stop the crime. We have great law enforcement officials, we're going to try and stop crime.We're not going to try and stop, we're going to stop crime. But it's very important to me - but this isn't Donald Trump that divided a nation. We went eight years with President Obama and we went many years before President Obama. We lived in a divided nation. And I am going to try - I will do everything within my power to fix that. I want to thank everybody very much.It's a great honor to be with you. Thank you. Thank you very much, thanks.Thank you very much. Thank you. Today I have the honor of welcoming my friend, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, to the White House. With this visit, the United States again reaffirms our unbreakable bond with our cherished ally, Israel. The partnership between our two countries built on our shared values has advanced the cause of human freedom, dignity and peace. These are the building blocks of democracy.The state of Israel is a symbol to the world of resilience in the face of oppression -- I can think of no other state that's gone through what they've gone -- and of survival in the face of genocide. We will never forget what the Jewish people have endured.Your perseverance in the face of hostility, your open democracy in the face of violence, and your success in the face of tall odds is truly inspirational. The security challenges faced by Israel are enormous, including the threat of Iran's nuclear ambitions, which I've talked a lot about. One of the worst deals I've ever seen is the Iran deal. My administration has already imposed new sanctions on Iran, and I will do more to prevent Iran from ever developing -- I mean ever -- a nuclear weapon.Our security assistance to Israel is currently at an all-time high, ensuring that Israel has the ability to defend itself from threats of which there are unfortunately many. Both of our countries will continue and grow. We have a long history of cooperation in the fight against terrorism and the fight against those who do not value human life. America and Israel are two nations that cherish the value of all human life.This is one more reason why I reject unfair and one-sided actions against Israel at the United Nations -- just treated Israel, in my opinion, very, very unfairly -- or other international forums, as well as boycotts that target Israel. Our administration is committed to working with Israel and our common allies in the region towards greater security and stability. That includes working toward a peace agreement between Israel and the Palestinians. The United States will encourage a peace and, really, a great peace deal. We'll be working on it very, very diligently. Very important to me also -- something we want to do. But it is the parties themselves who must directly negotiate such an agreement. We'll be beside them; we'll be working with them.As with any successful negotiation, both sides will have to make compromises. You know that, right? [Laughter]I want the Israeli people to know that the United States stands with Israel in the struggle against terrorism. As you know, Mr. Prime Minister, our two nations will always condemn terrorist acts. Peace requires nations to uphold the dignity of human life and to be a voice for all of those who are endangered and forgotten.Those are the ideals to which we all, and will always, aspire and commit. This will be the first of many productive meetings. And I, again, Mr. Prime Minister, thank you very much for being with us today.Mr. Prime Minister, thank you.Thank you. Again, thank you.We'll take a couple of questions. David Brody, Christian Broadcasting. David.Michael Flynn, General Flynn is a wonderful man. I think he's been treated very, very unfairly by the media -- as I call it, the fake media, in many cases. And I think it's really a sad thing that he was treated so badly. I think, in addition to that, from intelligence -- papers are being leaked, things are being leaked. It's criminal actions, criminal act, and it's been going on for a long time -- before me. But now it's really going on, and people are trying to cover up for a terrible loss that the Democrats had under Hillary Clinton.I think it's very, very unfair what's happened to General Flynn, the way he was treated, and the documents and papers that were illegally -- I stress that -- illegally leaked. Very, very unfair.As far as settlements, I'd like to see you hold back on settlements for a little bit. We'll work something out. But I would like to see a deal be made. I think a deal will be made. I know that every President would like to. Most of them have not started until late because they never thought it was possible. And it wasn't possible because they didn't do it.But Bibi and I have known each other a long time -- a smart man, great negotiator. And I think we're going to make a deal. It might be a bigger and better deal than people in this room even understand. That's a possibility. So let's see what we do.Doesn't sound too optimistic, but -- [Laughter] -- he's a good negotiator.I also want to thank -- I also want to thank -- Sara, could you please stand up? You're so lovely and you've been so nice to Melania. I appreciate it very much. [Laughter] Thank you. Your turn.So I'm looking at two-state and one-state, and I like the one that both parties like. [Laughter] I'm very happy with the one that both parties like. I can live with either one.I thought for a while the two-state looked like it may be the easier of the two. But honestly, if Bibi and if the Palestinians -- if Israel and the Palestinians are happy, I'm happy with the one they like the best.As far as the embassy moving to Jerusalem, I'd love to see that happen. We're looking at it very, very strongly. We're looking at it with great care -- great care, believe me. And we'll see what happens. Okay?And we have been discussing that, and it is something that is very different, hasn't been discussed before. And it's actually a much bigger deal, a much more important deal, in a sense. It would take in many, many countries and it would cover a very large territory. So I didn't know you were going to be mentioning that, but that's -- now that you did, I think it's a terrific thing and I think we have some pretty good cooperation from people that in the past would never, ever have even thought about doing this. So we'll see how that works out.Katie from Townhall. Where's Katie? Right there. Katie.It's actually an interesting question. I think that the Israelis are going to have to show some flexibility, which is hard, it's hard to do. They're going to have to show the fact that they really want to make a deal. I think our new concept that we've been discussing actually for a while is something that allows them to show more flexibility than they have in the past because you have a lot bigger canvas to play with. And I think they'll do that.I think they very much would like to make a deal or I wouldn't be happy and I wouldn't be here and I wouldn't be as optimistic as I am. I really think they -- I can tell you from the standpoint of Bibi and from the standpoint of Israel, I really believe they want to make a deal and they'd like to see the big deal.I think the Palestinians have to get rid of some of that hate that they're taught from a very young age. They're taught tremendous hate. I've seen what they're taught. And you can talk about flexibility there too, but it starts at a very young age and it starts in the school room. And they have to acknowledge Israel -- they're going to have to do that. There's no way a deal can be made if they're not ready to acknowledge a very, very great and important country. And I think they're going to be willing to do that also. But now I also believe we're going to have, Katie, other players at a very high level, and I think it might make it easier on both the Palestinians and Israel to get something done.Okay? Thank you. Very interesting question. Thank you.Great. Do you have somebody?Well, I just want to say that we are very honored by the victory that we had -- 306 Electoral College votes. We were not supposed to crack 220. You know that, right? There was no way to 221, but then they said there's no way to 270. And there's tremendous enthusiasm out there.I will say that we are going to have peace in this country. We are going to stop crime in this country. We are going to do everything within our power to stop long-simmering racism and every other thing that's going on, because lot of bad things have been taking place over a long period of time.I think one of the reasons I won the election is we have a very, very divided nation. Very divided. And, hopefully, I'll be able to do something about that. And, you know, it was something that was very important to me.As far as people -- Jewish people -- so many friends, a daughter who happens to be here right now, a son-in-law, and three beautiful grandchildren. I think that you're going to see a lot different United States of America over the next three, four, or eight years. I think a lot of good things are happening, and you're going to see a lot of love. You're going to see a lot of love. Okay? Thank you.Thank you very much. Very nice. I appreciate that very much.Prime Minister Trudeau, on behalf of all Americans, I thank you for being with us today. It is my honor to host such a great friend, neighbor, and ally at the White House, a very special place. This year, Canada celebrates the 150th year of Confederation. For Americans, this is one of the many milestones in our friendship, and we look forward -- very much forward, I must say -- to many more to come.Our two nations share much more than a border. We share the same values. We share the love, and a truly great love, of freedom. And we share a collective defense. American and Canadian troops have gone to battle together, fought wars together, and forged the special bonds that come when two nations have shed their blood together -- which we have.In these dangerous times, it is more important than ever that we continue to strengthen our vital alliance. The United States is deeply grateful for Canada’s contribution to the counter-ISIS effort. Thank you. And we continue to work in common, and in common cause, against terrorism, and work in common cooperation toward reciprocal trade and shared growth.We understand that both of our countries are stronger when we join forces in matters of international commerce. Having more jobs and trade right here in North America is better for both the United States and is also much better for Canada. We should coordinate closely -- and we will coordinate closely -- to protect jobs in our hemisphere and keep wealth on our continent, and to keep everyone safe.Prime Minister, I pledge to work with you in pursuit of our many shared interests. This includes a stronger trading relationship between the United States and Canada. It includes safe, efficient, and responsible cross-border travel and migration. And it includes close partnership on domestic and international security.America is deeply fortunate to have a neighbor like Canada. We have before us the opportunity to build even more bridges, and bridges of cooperation and bridges of commerce. Both of us are committed to bringing greater prosperity and opportunity to our people.We just had a very productive meeting with women business leaders from the United States and Canada, where we discussed how to secure everything that we know the full power of women can do better than anybody else. We know that. I just want to say, Mr. Prime Minister, that I'm focused and you're focused on the important role women play in our economies. We must work to address the barriers faced by women and women entrepreneurs, including access to capital, access to markets, and, very importantly, access to networks.In our discussion today we will focus on improving the ways our government and our governments together can benefit citizens of both the United States and Canada, and, in so doing, advance the greater peace and stability of the world.Mr. Prime Minister, I look forward to working closely with you to build upon our very historic friendship. There are incredible possibilities for us to pursue, Canada and the United States together.Again, thank you for joining us, and I know our discussions will be very, very productive for the future of both countries. Mr. Prime Minister.Okay, we’ll take a couple of questions. Scott Thuman. Scott.Well, we just began discussions. We are going to have a great relationship with Canada, maybe as good or better, hopefully, than ever before. We have some wonderful ideas on immigration. We have some, I think, very strong, very tough ideas on the tremendous problem that we have with terrorism. And I think when we put them all together, which will be very, very quickly -- we have a group of very talented people -- we will see some very, very obvious results. We're also doing some cross-border things that will make it a lot easier for trade and a lot better and a lot faster for trade.We have -- through technology, we have some really great ideas, and they’ll be implemented fairly quickly.You can never be totally confident. But through the incredible efforts -- already I see it happening -- of formerly General Kelly, now Secretary Kelly, we have really done a great job. We're actually taking people that are criminals -- very, very hardened criminals in some cases, with a tremendous track record of abuse and problems -- and we're getting them out. And that's what I said I would do. I’m just doing what I said I would do when we won by a very, very large Electoral College vote.And I knew that was going to happen. I knew this is what people were wanting. And that wasn’t the only reason, that wasn’t my only thing that we did so well on. But that was something was very important. And I said we will get the criminals out, the drug lords, the gang members. We're getting them out.General Kelly, who is sitting right here, is doing a fantastic job. And I said at the beginning we are going to get the bad ones -- the really bad ones, we're getting them out. And that's exactly what we're doing.I think that in the end everyone is going to be extremely happy. And I will tell you right now, a lot of people are very, very happy right now.Kaitlan Collins, please.Okay. Thank you. Many, many problems. When I was campaigning, I said it’s not a good situation. Now that I see it -- including with our intelligence briefings -- we have problems that a lot of people have no idea how bad they are, how serious they are, not only internationally, but when you come right here.Obviously, North Korea is a big, big problem, and we will deal with that very strongly. We have problems all over the Middle East. We have problems just about every corner of the globe, no matter where you look. I had a great meeting this weekend with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and got to know each other very, very well -- extended weekend, really. We were with each other for long periods of time, and our staffs and representatives.But on the home front, we have to create borders. We have to let people that can love our country in, and I want to do that. We want to have a big, beautiful, open door, and we want people to come in and come in our country. But we cannot let the wrong people in, and I will not allow that to happen during this administration. And people -- citizens of our country want that, and that's their attitude, too.I will tell you, we are getting such praise for our stance, and it's a stance of common sense -- maybe a certain toughness, but it's really more than toughness, it's a stance of common sense -- and we are going to pursue it vigorously. And we don't want to have our country have the kinds of problems that you're witnessing taking place not only here but all over the world. We won't stand for it. We won't put up with it. We're just not going to let it happen. We're going to give ourselves every bit of chance so that things go well for the United States. And they will go well. Thank you.I agree with that 100 percent. We have a very outstanding trade relationship with Canada. We’ll be tweaking it. We’ll be doing certain things that are going to benefit both of our countries. It’s a much less severe situation than what’s taking place on the southern border. On the southern border, for many, many years, the transaction was not fair to the United States. It was an extremely unfair transaction. We’re going to work with Mexico, we’re going to make it a fair deal for both parties. I think that we’re going to get along very well with Mexico; they understand and we understand.You probably have noticed that Ford is making billions of dollars of new investments in this country. You saw Intel the other day announce that because of what I’ve been doing and what I’m doing in terms of regulation -- lowering taxes, et cetera -- they’re coming in with billions and billions of dollars of investment, and thousands of thousands of jobs. General Motors, likewise, is expanding plants and going to build new plants. Fiat Chrysler was at a meeting where they’re doing the same. Jack Ma -- we have so many people that want to come into the United States. It’s actually very exciting.I think it’s going to be a very exciting period of time for the United States and for the workers of the United States, because they have been truly the forgotten man and forgotten women. It’s not going to be forgotten anymore, believe me.So our relationship with Canada is outstanding, and we’re going to work together to make it even better. And as far as the southern border is concerned, we’re going to get that worked out. We’re going to make it fair, but we are going to make it so that everybody is happy. It’s very important to me.Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you very much. [Applause]Thank you very much. Prime Minister Abe, on behalf of the American people, I welcome you to the very famous White House. You honor us with your presence. This is one of our earliest visits from a foreign leader, and I am truly glad that it could be from such an important and steadfast ally.The bond between our two nations, and the friendship between our two peoples, runs very, very deep. This administration is committed to bringing those ties even closer. We are committed to the security of Japan and all areas under its administrative control, and to further strengthening our very crucial alliance.The U.S.-Japan alliance is the cornerstone of peace and stability in the Pacific region. It is important that both Japan and the United States continue to invest very heavily in the alliance to build up our defense and our defensive capabilities, which, under our mutual leadership, will become stronger and stronger, and, as time goes by, ultimately they will be impenetrable.We face numerous challenges, and bilateral cooperation is essential. Our country is committed to being an active and fully engaged partner. We will work together to promote our shared interests, of which we have many in the region, including freedom from navigation and of navigation, and defending against the North Korean missile and nuclear threat, both of which I consider a very, very high priority.On the economy, we will seek a trading relationship that is free, fair and reciprocal, benefitting both of our countries. The vibrant exchange between us is a true blessing. Japan is a proud nation with a rich history and culture, and the American people have profound respect for your country and its traditions. I also want to take this opportunity, Mr. Prime Minister, to thank you and the people of Japan for hosting our armed forces.Working together, our two countries have the ability to bring greater harmony, stability and prosperity to the Pacific region and beyond, improving countless lives in the process. We are committed to that goal -- highly committed.Prime Minister Abe, on behalf of the United States of America, I thank you for being with us today. We will soon be traveling to the great state of Florida, where I know we will have a long and very successful talk, negotiations, and a very, very productive weekend.Mr. Prime Minister.Thank you very much. We'll take a few questions, unless you don't want to ask any questions, if that's possible. Maybe we'll start -- where is Daniel Halper, New York Post? Daniel.Well, your question was unrelated to what we're here for today, but I'll answer it. We are going to keep our country safe, we are going to do whatever is necessary to keep our country safe. We had a decision which we think we'll be very successful with. It shouldn't have taken this much time because safety is a primary reason. One of the reasons I'm standing here today is the security of our country. The voters felt that I would give it the best security. So we'll be doing something very rapidly having to do with additional security for our country. You'll be seeing that sometime next week.In addition, we will continue to go through the court process, and ultimately I have no doubt that we'll win that particular case.Okay. Blake Berman, Fox. Blake Berman.I feel totally confident that we will have tremendous security for the people of the United States. We will be extreme vetting, which is a term that I developed early in my campaign because I saw what was happening. And while I've been President, which is just for a very short period of time, I've learned tremendous things that you could only learn, frankly, if you were in a certain position, namely, President. And there are tremendous threats to our country. We will not allow that to happen, I can tell you that right now. We will not allow that to happen.So we'll be going forward. We'll be doing things to continue to make our country safe. It will happen rapidly. And we will not allow people into our country who are looking to do harm to our people. We will allow lots of people into our country that will love our people and do good for our country. It's always going to be that way, at least during my administration, I can tell you that.Thank you. I will say that -- and you've seen it -- ever since I won the election and became President-elect, I've been telling companies, car companies and other companies -- many companies: Come back into the United States. And they've been coming back in. And big announcements are going to be made over the next short period of time. Some of you already know what those announcements are.We lost a lot of our factories, a lot of our plants. And those factories and those plants will be coming back. And jobs will be coming back to Michigan and Ohio and Pennsylvania and North Carolina, and so many other places where we've lost so many jobs. And those are the people that were so good to me, and now I'm being good to them.So we've had a tremendous number of announcements. We've had Ford and General Motors and many, many others -- Intel yesterday made a major announcement. And they did that because of what is happening with our tax structure, which is going along very well. And we'll be having some very big news over the next short period of time.But we are a nation of tremendous potential. And the expression Make America Great AgainAnd I just want to thank the Prime Minister for a friendship. We developed a great friendship when we met in New York City, at Trump Tower. We spoke for a long, long period of time. And when I greeted him today at the car, I was saying -- I shook hands, but I grabbed him and hugged him because that's the way we feel. We have a very, very good bond -- very, very good chemistry. I'll let you know if it changes, but I don't think it will. [Laughter]So I just want to thank the Prime Minister for being here. We're going to be meeting your wife in a very short period of time, and I look very much forward to that.And I want to thank everybody in the room. We're going to have a tremendous relationship, long-term relationship of mutual benefit with Japan.Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Prime Minister.Yes, certainly. Go ahead.I had a very, very good conversation, as most of you know, yesterday with the President of China. It was a very, very warm conversation. I think we are on the process of getting along very well. And I think that will also be very much of a benefit to Japan. So we had a very, very good talk last night and discussed a lot of subjects. It was a long talk. And we are working on that as we speak. We have conversations with various representatives of China, I believe, that that will all work out very well for everybody -- China, Japan, the United States, and everybody in the region.As far as the currency devaluations, I've been complaining about that for a long time. And I believe that we will all eventually -- and probably very much sooner than a lot of people understand or think -- we will be all at a level playing field, because that's the only way it's fair. That's the only way that you can fairly compete in trade and other things. And we will be on that field, and we will all be working very hard to do great for our country. But it has to be fair. And we will make it fair.I think the United States is going to be an even bigger player than it is right now, by a lot, when it comes to trade. A lot of that will have to do with our tax policy, which you'll be seeing in the not-too-distant future. We'll have an incentive-based policy much more so than we have right now. Right now we don't even know -- nobody knows what policy we have. But we're going to have a very much incentive-based policy. We're working with Congress, working with Paul Ryan, working with Mitch McConnell. And I think people are going to be very, very impressed.We're also working very much -- and this has a lot to do with business -- on health care, where we can get great health care for our country at a much-reduced price, both to the people receiving the health care and to our country. Because our country is paying so much, and Obamacare, as you know, is a total and complete disaster. So we're going to end up with tremendous health care at a lower price. And I think people are going to be extremely happy. Difficult process, but once we get going -- and, as you know, Tom Price was just approved a few hours ago. So we finally have our Secretary, and now we get down to the final strokes.Again, I want to thank everybody for being here. I want to thank Mr. Prime Minister. What an honor, what a great honor it is. And let's go to Florida. [Applause]I am honored to have Prime Minister Theresa May here for our first official visit from a foreign leader. This is our first visit, so great honor. The special relationship between our two countries has been one of the great forces in history for justice and for peace, and by the way, my mother was born in Scotland, Stornoway, which is serious Scotland.Today, the United States renews our deep bond with Britain, military, financial, cultural and political. We have one of the great bonds. We pledge our lasting support to this most special relationship. Together, America and the United Kingdom are a beacon for prosperity and the rule of law. That is why the United States respects the sovereignty of the British people and their right of self-determination.A free and independent Britain is a blessing to the world and our relationship has never been stronger. Both America and Britain understand that governments must be responsive to everyday working people, that governments must represent their own citizens.Madam Prime Minister, we look forward to working closely with you as we strengthen our mutual ties in commerce, business and foreign affairs. Great days lie ahead for our two peoples and our two countries. On behalf of our nation, I thank you for joining us here today. It's a really great honor. Thank you very much.Thank you very much. That's very nicely stated.Steve Holland. Where's Steve? Steve -- yes.Well, I hear a call was set up, Steve, and we'll see what happens. As far as the sanctions, very early to be talking about that. But we look to have a great relationship with all countries, ideally. That won't necessarily happen, unfortunately probably won't happen with many countries.But if we can have, as we do with Prime Minister May and the relationship that we've all developed and even in the short relationship that we just developed just by being with each other and have lunch and -- we've really had some very interesting talks and very productive talks. But if we can have a great relationship with Russia and with China and with all countries, I'm all for that. That would be a tremendous asset.No guarantees, but if we can, that would be a positive, not a negative. OK?[Off Mike] [Laughter]This was your choice of a question?There goes that relationship.We have a great general who has just been appointed secretary of defense, General James Mattis. And he has stated publicly that he does not necessarily believe in torture or waterboarding or however you want to define it — enhanced interrogation I guess would be a word that a lot of — words that a lot of people would like to use. I don't necessarily agree, but I would tell you that he will override because I'm giving him that power.He's an expert. He's highly respected. He's the general's general. Got through the Senate very, very quickly, which in this country is not easy, I will tell you. And so I'm going to rely on him.I happen to feel that it does work. I've been open about that for a long period of time. But I am going with our leaders. And we're going to — we're going to win with or without, but I do disagree.As far as, again, Putin and Russia, I don't say good, bad or indifferent. I don't know the gentleman. I hope we have a fantastic relationship. That's possible and it's also possible that we won't. We will see what happens.I will be representing the American people very, very strongly, very forcefully. And if we have a great relationship with Russia and other countries, and if we go after ISIS together, which has to be stopped -- that's an evil that has to be stopped -- I will consider that a good thing, not a bad thing.How the relationship works out, I won't be able to tell you that later [sic]. I've had many times where I thought I'd get along with people and I don't like them at all. [Laughter]And I've had some where I didn't think I was going to have much of a relationship and it turned out to be a great relationship.So, Theresa, we never know about those things, do we? But I will tell you one thing: I'll be representing the American people very strongly. Thank you.How about John Roberts, Fox?Well, I think the prime minister, first of all, has other things that she's much more worried about than Mexico and the United States relationship.But I will say that we had a very good call. I have been very strong on Mexico. I have great respect for Mexico. I love the Mexican people. I work with the Mexican people all the time. Great relationships.But, as you know, Mexico with the United States has outnegotiated us and beat us to a pulp through our past leaders. They've made us look foolish. We have a trade deficit of $60 billion with Mexico. On top of that, the border is soft and weak, drugs are pouring in, and I'm not going to let that happen.And General Kelly is going to do a fantastic job at Homeland Security. As you know, we swore him in yesterday.We have a really -- I think a very good relationship, the president and I. And we had a talk that lasted for about an hour this morning. And we are going to be working on a fair relationship and a new relationship. But the United States cannot continue to lose vast amounts of business, vast amounts of companies, and millions and millions of people losing their jobs.That won't happen with me. We're no longer going to be the country that doesn't know what it's doing.And so, we are going to renegotiate our trade deals and we are going to renegotiate other aspects of our relationship with Mexico, and in the end, I think it'll be good for both countries.But it was a very, very friendly call. I think you'll hear that from the president and I think you'll hear that from the people of Mexico that really represent him and represent him very well. And I look forward to — over the coming months, we'll be negotiating and we'll see what happens.But I'm representing the people of the United States and I'm going to represent them as somebody should represent them, not how they've been represented in the past where we lose to every single country.Actually I'm not as brash as you might think. [Laughter]And I can tell you that I think we're going to get along very well. You know, it's interesting because I am a people person. I think you are also, Theresa. And I can often tell how I get along with somebody very early, and I believe we're going to have a fantastic relationship.Brexit -- and I really don't change my position very much. If you go back and you look, my position on trade has been solid for many, many years, since I was a very young person talking about how we were getting ripped off by the rest of the world. Now I never knew I'd be in the position where we can actually do something about it.But we will be talking to your folks about Brexit. Brexit was an example of what was to come. And I happened to be in Scotland at Turnberry cutting a ribbon when Brexit happened and we had a vast amount of press there. And I said Brexit -- this was the day before, you probably remember, I said Brexit is going to happen and I was scorned in the press for making that prediction. I was scorned.And I said I believe it's going to happen because people want to know who is coming into their country and they want to control their own trade and various other things, and low and behold, the following day it happened and the odds weren't looking good for me when I made that statement because, as you know, everybody thought it was not going to happen.I think Brexit's going to be a wonderful thing for your country. I think when it irons out, you're gonna have your own identity and you're going to have the people that you want in your country and you're going to be able to make free trade deals without having somebody watching you and what you're doing.And I had a very bad experience, I have — I had something when I was in my other world, I have something in another country and getting the approvals from Europe was very, very tough. Getting the approvals from the country was fast, easy and efficient. Getting the approvals from the group — I call them the consortium — was very, very tough.But I thought Brexit -- I think -- and I think it will go down that it will end up being a fantastic thing for the United Kingdom. I think in the end, it will be a tremendous asset, not a tremendous liability. OK?Thank you very much.Thank you very much, everybody.Thank you very much. It's very familiar territory, news conferences, because we used to give them on an almost daily basis. I think we probably maybe won the nomination because of news conferences and it's good to be with you.We stopped giving them because we were getting quite a bit of inaccurate news, but I do have to say that -- and I must say that I want to thank a lot of the news organizations here today because they looked at that nonsense that was released by maybe the intelligence agencies? Who knows, but maybe the intelligence agencies which would be a tremendous blot on their record if they in fact did that. A tremendous blot, because a thing like that should have never been written, it should never have been had and it should certainly never been released.But I want to thank a lot of the news organizations for some of whom have not treated me very well over the years -- a couple in particular -- and they came out so strongly against that fake news and the fact that it was written about by primarily one group and one television station.So, I just want to compliment many of the people in the room. I have great respect for the news and great respect for freedom of the press and all of that. But I will tell you, there were some news organizations with all that was just said that were so professional -- so incredibly professional, that I've just gone up a notch as to what I think of you. OK?All right. We've had some great news over the last couple of weeks. I've been quite active, I guess you could say, in an economic way for the country. A lot of car companies are going to be moving in, we have other companies -- big news is going to be announced over the next couple of weeks about companies that are getting building in the Midwest.You saw yesterday Fiat Chrysler; big, big factory going to be built in this country as opposed to another country. Ford just announced that they stopped plans for a billion dollar plant in Mexico and they're going to be moving into Michigan and expanding, very substantially, an existing plant.I appreciate that from Ford. I appreciate it very much from Fiat Chrysler. I hope that General Motors will be following and I think they will be. I think a lot of people will be following. I think a lot of industries are going to be coming back.We've got to get our drug industry back. Our drug industry has been disastrous. They're leaving left and right. They supply our drugs, but they don't make them here, to a large extent. And the other thing we have to do is create new bidding procedures for the drug industry because they're getting away with murder.Pharma, pharma has a lot of lobbies and a lot of lobbyists and a lot of power and there's very little bidding on drugs. We're the largest buyer of drugs in the world and yet we don't bid properly and we're going to start bidding and we're going to save billions of dollars over a period of time.And we're going to do that with a lot of other industries. I'm very much involved with the generals and admirals on the airplane, the F--35, you've been reading about it. And it's way, way behind schedule and many, many billions of dollars over budget. I don't like that. And the admirals have been fantastic, the generals have been fantastic. I've really gotten to know them well. And we're going to do some big things on the F--35 program, and perhaps the F--18 program. And we're going to get those costs way down and we're going to get the plane to be even better. And we're going to have some competition and it's going to be a beautiful thing.So, we've been very, very much involved, and other things. We had Jack Ma, we had so many incredible people coming here. There are no -- they're going to do tremendous things -- tremendous things in this country. And they're very excited.And I will say, if the election didn't turn out the way it turned out, they would not be here. They would not be in my office. They would not be in anybody else's office. They'd be building and doing things in other countries. So, there's a great spirit going on right now. A spirit that many people have told me they've never seen before, ever.We're going to create jobs. I said that I will be the greatest jobs producer that God ever created. And I mean that, I really -- I'm going to work very hard on that. We need certain amounts of other things, including a little bit of luck, but I think we're going to do a real job. And I'm very proud of what we've done.And we haven't even gotten there yet. I look very much forward to the inauguration. It's going to be a beautiful event. We have great talent, tremendous talent. And we have the -- all of the bands -- or most of the bands are from the different -- from the different segments of the military. And I've heard some of these bands over the years, they're incredible.We're going to have a very, very elegant day. The 20th is going to be something that will be very, very special; very beautiful. And I think we're going to have massive crowds because we have a movement.It's a movement like the world has never seen before. It's a movement that a lot of people didn't expect. And even the polls -- although some of them did get it right, but many of them didn't. And that was a beautiful scene on November 8th as those states started to pour in.And we focused very hard in those states and they really reciprocated. And those states are gonna have a lot of jobs and they're gonna have a lot of security. They're going to have a lot of good news for their veterans.And by the way, speaking of veterans, I appointed today the head secretary of the Veterans Administration, David Shulkin. And we'll do a news release in a little while. Tell you about David, he's fantastic -- he's fantastic. He will do a truly great job.One of the commitments I made is that we're gonna straighten out the whole situation for our veterans. Our veterans have been treated horribly. They're waiting in line for 15, 16, 17 days, cases where they go in and they have a minor early-stage form of cancer and they can't see a doctor. By the time they get to the doctor, they're terminal. Not gonna happen, it's not gonna happen.So, David is going to do a fantastic job. We're going to be talking to a few people also to help David. And we have some of the great hospitals of the world going to align themselves with us on the Veterans Administration, like the Cleveland Clinic, like the Mayo Clinic, a few more than we have. And we're gonna set up a -- a group.These are hospitals that have been the top of the line, the absolute top of the line. And they're going to get together with their great doctors -- Dr. Toby Cosgrove, as you know from the Cleveland Clinic, has been very involved.Ike Perlmutter has been very, very involved, one of the great men of business. And we're gonna straighten out the V.A. for our veterans. I've been promising that for a long time and it's something I feel very, very strongly.So, you'll get the information on David. And I think you'll be very impressed with the job he does. We looked long and hard. We interviewed at least 100 people, some good, some not so good. But we had a lot of talent. And we think this election will be something that will, with time -- with time, straighten it out and straighten it out for good 'cause our veterans have been treated very unfairly.OK, questions? Yes, John?Thank you.Sure.OK, first of all, these readings as you know are confidential, classified. So, I'm not allowed to talk about what went on in a meeting.And -- but we had many witnesses in that meeting, many of them with us. And I will say, again, I think it's a disgrace that information would be let out.I saw the information; I read the information outside of that meeting. It's all fake news. It's phony stuff. It didn't happen. And it was gotten by opponents of ours, as you know, because you reported it and so did many of the other people. It was a group of opponents that got together -- sick people -- and they put that crap together.So, I will tell you that not within the meeting, but outside of the meeting, somebody released it. It should have never been -- number one, shouldn't have even entered paper. But it should have never have been released. But I read what was released and I think it's a disgrace. I think it's an absolute disgrace.As far as hacking, I think it was Russia. But I think we also get hacked by other countries and other people. And I -- I can say that you know when -- when we lost 22 million names and everything else that was hacked recently, they didn't make a big deal out of that. That was something that was extraordinary. That was probably China.We had -- we had much hacking going on. And one of the things we're gonna do, we have some of the greatest computer minds anywhere in the world that we've assembled. You saw just a sample of it two weeks ago up here where we had the six top people in the world -- they were never in the same room together as a group. And we're gonna put those minds together and we're going to form a defense.And I have to say this also, the Democratic National Committee was totally open to be hacked. They did a very poor job. They could've had hacking defense, which we had.And I will give Reince Priebus credit, because when Reince saw what was happening in the world and with this country, he went out and went to various firms and ordered a very, very strong hacking defense.And they tried to hack the Republican National Committee and they were unable to break through.We have to do that for our country. It's very important. [Crosstalk]Well, you know, President Putin and Russia put out a statement today that this fake news was indeed fake news. They said it totally never happened.Now, somebody would say, "Oh, of course he's gonna say that."I respected the fact that he said that.And I -- I'll be honest, I think if he did have something, they would've released it; they would've been glad to release it.I think, frankly, had they broken into the Republican National Committee, I think they would've released it just like they did about Hillary and all of the horrible things that her people, like Mr. Podesta, said about her. I mean what he said about her was horrible.If somebody said about me, what Podesta said about Hillary, I was the boss, I would've fired him immediately or that person. Because what he said about her was horrible.But remember thisThat Hillary Clinton got the questions to the debate and didn't report it? That's a horrible thing. That's a horrible thing.Can you imagine that if Donald Trump got the questions to the debate -- it would've been the biggest story in the history of stories. And they would've said immediately, "You have to get out of the race." Nobody even talked about it. It's a very terrible thing.Yeah?Well, if -- if Putin likes Donald Trump, I consider that an asset, not a liability, because we have a horrible relationship with Russia. Russia can help us fight ISIS, which, by the way, is, number one, tricky. I mean if you look, this administration created ISIS by leaving at the wrong time. The void was created, ISIS was formed.If Putin likes Donald Trump, guess what, folks? That's called an asset, not a liability.Now, I don't know that I'm gonna get along with Vladimir Putin. I hope I do. But there's a good chance I won't. And if I don't, do you honestly believe that Hillary would be tougher on Putin than me? Does anybody in this room really believe that? Give me a break.OK? [Crosstalk]Lemme just tell you what I do.When I leave our country, I'm a very high-profile person, would you say?I am extremely careful. I'm surrounded by bodyguards. I'm surrounded by people.And I always tell them -- anywhere, but I always tell them if I'm leaving this country, "Be very careful, because in your hotel rooms and no matter where you go, you're gonna probably have cameras." I'm not referring just to Russia, but I would certainly put them in that category.And number one, "I hope you're gonna be good anyway. But in those rooms, you have cameras in the strangest places. Cameras that are so small with modern technology, you can't see them and you won't know. You better be careful, or you'll be watching yourself on nightly television."I tell this to people all the time.I was in Russia years ago, with the Miss Universe contest, which did very well -- Moscow, the Moscow area did very, very well.And I told many people, "Be careful, because you don't wanna see yourself on television. Cameras all over the place."And again, not just Russia, all over.Does anyone really believe that story?I'm also very much of a germaphobe, by the way, believe me. [LAUGHTER] LaughterCrosstalk]So I tweeted out that I have no dealings with Russia. I have no deals that could happen in Russia, because we've stayed away. And I have no loans with Russia.As a real estate developer, I have very, very little debt. I have assets that are -- and now people have found out how big the company is, I have very little debt -- I have very low debt. But I have no loans with Russia at all.And I thought that was important to put out. I certified that. So I have no deals, I have no loans and I have no dealings. We could make deals in Russia very easily if we wanted to, I just don't want to because I think that would be a conflict. So I have no loans, no dealings, and no current pending deals.Now, I have to say one other thing. Over the weekend, I was offered $2 billion to do a deal in Dubai with a very, very, very amazing man, a great, great developer from the Middle East, Hussein Damack, a friend of mine, great guy. And I was offered $2 billion to do a deal in Dubai -- a number of deals and I turned it down.I didn't have to turn it down, because as you know, I have a no-conflict situation because I'm president, which is -- I didn't know about that until about three months ago, but it's a nice thing to have. But I don't want to take advantage of something. I have something that others don't have, Vice President Pence also has it. I don't think he'll need it, I have a feeling he's not going to need it.But I have a no conflict of interest provision as president. It was many, many years old, this is for presidents. Because they don't want presidents getting -- I understand they don't want presidents getting tangled up in minutia; they want a president to run the country. So I could actually run my business, I could actually run my business and run government at the same time.I don't like the way that looks, but I would be able to do that if I wanted to. I would be the only one to be able to do that. You can't do that in any other capacity. But as president, I could run the Trump organization, great, great company, and I could run the company -- the country. I'd do a very good job, but I don't want to do that.Now, all of these papers that you see here -- yes, go ahead.I'm not releasing the tax returns because as you know, they're under audit. [Crosstalk]You know, the only one that cares about my tax returns are the reporters, OK? They're the only who ask.No I don't think so. I won, when I became president. No, I don't think they care at all. I don't think they care at all. [Applause]I think you care -- I think you care. First of all, you learn very little to a tax return. What you should go down to federal elections and take a look at the numbers. And actually, people have learned a lot about my company and now they realize, my company is much bigger, much more powerful than they ever thought. We're in many, many countries, and I'm very proud of it.And what I'm going to be doing is my two sons, who are right here, Don and Eric, are going to be running the company. They are going to be running it in a very professional manner. They're not going to discuss it with me. Again, I don't have to do this. They're not going to discuss it with me. And with that, I'm going to bring up Sheri Dillon, and she's going to go -- these papers are just some of the many documents that I've signed turning over complete and total control to my sons. [Crosstalk]Thank you very much. Here you go.I -- I really think that when you watch what's going on with what's happening in -- I was just watching, as an example, Rex Tillerson. I think it's brilliant what he's doing and what he's saying.I watched yesterday, as you know, our great senator, who is going to be a great attorney general. And he was brilliant. And what people don't know is that he was a great prosecutor and attorney general in Alabama. And he was brilliant yesterday.So, I really think that they are -- I think we have one of the great Cabinets ever put together. And we've been hearing that from so many people. People are so happy.You know, in the case of Rex, he ran incredibly Exxon Mobil. When there was a find, he would get it. When they needed something, he would be there.A friend of mine who's very, very substantial in the oil business, Harold Hamm -- big supporter -- he said there's nobody in the business like Rex Tillerson.And that's what we want. That's what I want to bring to government.I want to bring the greatest people into government, because we're way behind. We don't make good deals any more. I say it all the time in speeches. We don't make good deals anymore; we make bad deals. Our trade deals are a disaster.So we need people that are smart, we need people that are successful and they got successful because generally speaking, they're smart. And that's what I'd put, I'm very proud of the Cabinet, I think they're doing very well.It's very interesting how it's going, but it's -- I think they're doing very, very well. [Crosstalk]Yeah.Finally, Obamacare, I thought it was never gonna be asked.You're gonna be very, very proud, as not only the media and reporters, you're gonna be very proud of what we put forth having to do with health care. Obamacare is a complete and total disaster.They can say what they want, they can guide you anyway they wanna guide you. In some cases, they guide you incorrectly. In most cases, you realize what's happened, it's imploding as we sit.Some states have over a hundred percent increase and '17 and I said this two years ago, '17 is going to be the bad year. It's going to be catastrophic. Frankly, we could sit back and it was a thought from a political standpoint, but it wouldn't be fair to the people.We could sit back and wait and watch and criticize and we could be a Chuck Schumer and sit back and criticize it and people would come, they would come, begging to us please, we have to do something about Obamacare. We don't wanna own it, we don't wanna own it politically. They own it right now.So the easiest thing would be to let it implode in '17 and believe me, we'd get pretty much whatever we wanted, but it would take a long time. We're going to be submitting, as soon as our secretary's approved, almost simultaneously, shortly thereafter, a plan.It'll be repeal and replace. It will be essentially, simultaneously. It will be various segments, you understand, but will most likely be on the same day or the same week, but probably, the same day, could be the same hour.So we're gonna do repeal and replace, very complicated stuff. And we're gonna get a health bill passed, we're gonna get health care taken care of in this country. You have deductibles that are so high, that after people go broke paying their premiums which are going through the roof, the health care can't even be used by them because their deductibles bills are so high.Obamacare is the Democrats problem. We are gonna take the problem off the shelves for them. We're doing them a tremendous service by doing it. We could sit back and let them hang with it. We are doing the Democrats a great service.So as soon as our secretary is approved and gets into the office, we'll be filing a plan. And it was actually, pretty accurately reported today, The New York Times. And the plan will be repeal and replace Obamacare.We're going to have a health care that is far less expensive and far better. OK. [Crosstalk]I was going right here. [Crosstalk]Well, if I can save jobs, for instance I was doing individual companies and people said well, that's only one company, like we did a good job with Carrier. And I wanna thank United Technologies which owns Carrier, but we saved close to a thousand jobs.And they were gone and Mike Pence and his staff really helped us, a lot. But those were -- that was a tough one because they announced a year and a half before that they were leaving so it's always tough when they're building a plan, just a little tougher than before they start or before they make an announcement.You want to move your plant and you think, as an example, you're going to build that plant in Mexico and you're going to make your air conditioners or your cars or whatever you're making, and you're going to sell it through what will be a very, very strong border -- not a weak border like it is -- we don't even have a border. It's an open sieve.But you're going to sell through a very strong border -- not going to happen. You're going to pay a very large border tax. So if you want to move to another country and if you want to fire all of our great American workers that got you there in the first place, you can move from Michigan to Tennessee and to North Carolina and South Carolina. You can move from South Carolina back to Michigan.You can do anywhere -- you've got a lot of states at play; a lot of competition. So it's not like, oh, gee, I'm taking the competition away. You've got a lot of places you can move. And I don't care, as along as it's within the United States, the borders of the United States.There will be a major border tax on these companies that are leaving and getting away with murder. And if our politicians had what it takes, they would have done this years ago. And you'd have millions more workers right now in the United States that are -- 96 million really wanting a job and they can't get. You know that story. The real number -- that's the real number.So, that's the way it is. OK. Go ahead.That's not clear at all. OK. [Crosstalk]I've got it. Do you have any more? [LAUGHTER]On the fence -- it's not a fence. It's a wall. You just misreported it. We're going to build a wall. I could wait about a year-and-a--half until we finish our negotiations with Mexico, which will start immediately after we get to office, but I don't want to wait. Mike Pence is leading an effort to get final approvals through various agencies and through Congress for the wall to begin.I don't feel like waiting a year or a year-and-a--half. We're going to start building. Mexico in some form, and there are many different forms, will reimburse us and they will reimburse us for the cost of the wall. That will happen, whether it's a tax or whether it's a payment -- probably less likely that it's a payment. But it will happen.So, remember this, OK? I would say we are going to build a wall and people would go crazy. I would then say, who is going to pay for the wall? And people would all scream out -- 25,000, 30,000 people, because nobody has ever had crowds like Trump has had. You know that. You don't like to report that, but that's OK.OK, now he agrees. Finally, he agrees.But I say who is going to pay for the wall? And they will scream out, "Mexico."Now, reports went out last week -- oh, Mexico is not going to pay for the wall because of a reimbursement. What's the difference? I want to get the wall started. I don't want to wait a year-and-a--half until I make my deal with Mexico. And we probably will have a deal sooner than that.And by the way, Mexico has been so nice, so nice. I respect the government of Mexico. I respect the people of Mexico. I love the people of Mexico. I have many people from Mexico working for me. They're phenomenal people.The government of Mexico is terrific. I don't blame them for what's happened. I don't blame them for taking advantage of the United States. I wish our politicians were so smart. Mexico has taken advantage of the United States. I don't blame the representatives and various presidents, et cetera, of Mexico. What I say is we shouldn't have allowed that to happen. It's not going to happen anymore.So, in order to get the wall started, Mexico will pay for the wall, but it will be reimbursed. OK?Supreme Court judge. So, as you know, I have a list of 20. I've gone through them. We've met with numerous candidates. They're outstanding in every case. They were largely recommended and highly recommended by Federalist Society. Jim DeMint was also very much involved, and his group, which is fantastic, and he's a fantastic guy.That will be our really first business day as opposed to doing it on Friday, because on Friday, people are going to have a very good time at the inauguration, and then Saturday, as you know, we're having a big church service and lots of good things are happening. So our first day -- and you'll all be invited to the signings, but we'll be doing some pretty good signings on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday, and then also the next week. And you're all invited.But on the Supreme Court, I'll be making that decision, and it will be a decision which I very strongly believe in. I think it's one of the reasons I got elected. I think the people of this country did not want to see what was happening with the Supreme Court, so I think it was a very, very big decision as to why I was elected.I think it was disgraceful -- disgraceful that the intelligence agencies allowed any information that turned out to be so false and fake out. I think it's a disgrace, and I say that -- and I say that, and that's something that Nazi Germany would have done and did do. I think it's a disgrace that information that was false and fake and never happened got released to the public.As far as Buzzfeed, which is a failing pile of garbage, writing it, I think they're going to suffer the consequences. They already are. And as far as CNN going out of their way to build it up -- and by the way, we just found out I was coming down. Michael Cohen -- I was being -- Michael Cohen is a very talented lawyer. He's a good lawyer in my firm. It was just reported that it wasn't this Michael Cohen they we're talking about. So all night long it's Michael Cohen.I said, "I want to see your passport." He brings his passport to my office. I say, hey, wait a minute. He didn't leave the country. He wasn't out of the country. They had Michael Cohen of the Trump Organization was in Prague. It turned out to be a different Michael Cohen. It's a disgrace what took place. It's a disgrace and I think they ought to apologize to start with Michael Cohen.Go ahead.Not you.Your organization is terrible.Quiet.He's asking a question, don't be rude. Don't be rude.Don't be rude. No, I'm not going to give you a question. I'm not going to give you a question.You are fake news. Go ahead.Go ahead. [Applause]I don't think he went too far. No.Plans to send me a bill for what?I hadn't heard Lindsey Graham was going to do that. Lindsey Graham. I've been competing with him for a long time. He is going to crack that one percent barrier one day. I didn't realize Lindsey Graham still had it. That's all right. I think Lindsey Graham is a nice guy. I've heard that he is a nice guy and I've been hearing it.Go ahead. Go ahead. You've been waiting.Stand up.BBC news. That's another beauty.There's nothing they could come back with.Go ahead.Well, I don't recommend reforms. I recommend people that are -- that have some moral compass.You know, I've been hearing more and more about a thing called fake news and they're talking about people that go and say all sorts of things. But I will tell you, some of the media outlets that I deal with are fake news more so than anybody. I could name them, but I won't bother, but you have a few sitting right in front of us. They're very, very dishonest people, but I think it's just something we're going to have to live with.Yes? [Crosstalk]Intelligence agencies are vital and very, very important. We are going to be putting in, as you know, Mr. Pompeo and others, you know the Senator Dan Coats. We're going to be putting in some outstanding people. Within 90 days, they're going to be coming back to me with a major report on hacking.I want them to cover this situation. I also want them, however, to cover, maybe most importantly -- because we're hacked by everybody -- you know, the United States, our government out of a list of 17 in terms of industries is the worst, it's number 17, in terms of protection.If you look at the retail industry, if you look at the banking industry, various industries, out of 17 industries -- they put this in the category of an industry -- the United States is last in terms of protecting, let's say, hacking defense. Like we had a great hacking defense at the Republican National Committee.That's why we weren't hacked. By the way, we were told that they were trying to hack us, but they weren't able to hack. And I think I get some credit because I told Reince, and Reince did a phenomenal job, but I said I want strong hacking defense.The Democratic National Committee didn't do that. Maybe that's why the country runs so badly that way. But I will tell you -- wait -- wait -- wait, let me finish. Within 90 days, we will be coming up with a major report on hacking defense, how do we stop this new phenomena -- fairly new phenomena because the United States is hacked by everybody.That includes Russia and China and everybody -- everybody. OK. [Crosstalk]Go ahead -- go ahead.All right, but you know what, it could have been others also.Well, I think it's pretty sad when intelligence reports get leaked out to the press. I think it's pretty sad. First of all, it's illegal. You know, these are -- these are classified and certified meetings and reports.I'll tell you what does happen. I have many meetings with intelligence. And every time I meet, people are reading about it. Somebody's leaking it out. So, there's -- maybe it's my office. Maybe in my office because I have a lot of people, a lot of great people. Maybe it's them. And what I did is I said I won't tell anybody. I'm going to have a meeting and I won't tell anybody about my meeting with intelligence.And what happened is I had my meeting. Nobody knew, not even Rhona, my executive assistant for years, she didn't know -- I didn't tell her. Nobody knew. The meeting was had, the meeting was over, they left. And immediately the word got out that I had a meeting.So, I don't want that -- I don't want that. It's very unfair to the country. It's very unfair to our country; what's happened. That report should have never -- first of all, it shouldn't have been printed because it's not worth the paper it's written on. And I thank the New York Times for saying that.I thank a lot of different people for saying that. But, I will tell you, that should never, ever happen. OK. [Crosstalk]He shouldn't be doing it. He won't be doing it. Russia will have much greater respect for our country when I'm leading than when other people have led it. You will see that. Russia will respect our country more. He shouldn't have done it. I don't believe that he will be doing it more now.We have to work something out, but it's not just Russia. Take a look at what's happened. You don't report it the same way; 22 million accounts were hacked in this country by China. And that's because we have no defense. That's because we're run by people that don't know what they're doing.But Russia and other countries -- and other countries, including China, which has taken total advantage of us economically, totally advantage of us in the South China Sea by building their massive fortress, total. Russia, China, Japan, Mexico, all countries will respect us far more, far more than they do under past administrations.I want to thank everybody. So this is all -- just so you understand, these papers -- because I'm not sure that was explained properly. But these papers are all just a piece of the many, many companies that are being put into trust to be run by my two sons that I hope at the end of eight years, I'll come back and say, oh, you did a good job. Otherwise, if they do a bad job, I'll say, "You're fired."Good-bye, everybody. Good-bye.Well, first of all, it's great to be with you, and thank you, everybody. The Supreme Court: It's what it's all about. Our country is so, so -- it's just so imperative that we have the right justices.Something happened recently where Justice Ginsburg made some very, very inappropriate statements toward me and toward a tremendous number of people, many, many millions of people that I represent. And she was forced to apologize. And apologize she did. But these were statements that should never, ever have been made.We need a Supreme Court that in my opinion is going to uphold the Second Amendment, and all amendments, but the Second Amendment, which is under absolute siege. I believe if my opponent should win this race, which I truly don't think will happen, we will have a Second Amendment which will be a very, very small replica of what it is right now. But I feel that it's absolutely important that we uphold, because of the fact that it is under such trauma.I feel that the justices that I am going to appoint -- and I've named 20 of them -- the justices that I'm going to appoint will be pro-life. They will have a conservative bent. They will be protecting the Second Amendment. They are great scholars in all cases, and they're people of tremendous respect. They will interpret the Constitution the way the founders wanted it interpreted. And I believe that's very, very important.I don't think we should have justices appointed that decide what they want to hear. It's all about the Constitution of -- of -- and so important, the Constitution the way it was meant to be. And those are the people that I will appoint.Well, the D.C. vs. Heller decision was very strongly -- and she was extremely angry about it. I watched. I mean, she was very, very angry when upheld. And Justice Scalia was so involved. And it was a well-crafted decision. But Hillary was extremely upset, extremely angry. And people that believe in the Second Amendment and believe in it very strongly were very upset with what she had to say.Well, let me just tell you before we go any further. In Chicago, which has the toughest gun laws in the United States, probably you could say by far, they have more gun violence than any other city. So we have the toughest laws, and you have tremendous gun violence.I am a very strong supporter of the Second Amendment. And I am -- I don't know if Hillary was saying it in a sarcastic manner, but I'm very proud to have the endorsement of the NRA. And it's the earliest endorsement they've ever given to anybody who ran for president. So I'm very honored by all of that.We are going to appoint justices -- this is the best way to help the Second Amendment. We are going to appoint justices that will feel very strongly about the Second Amendment, that will not do damage to the Second Amendment.Right.Well, if that would happen, because I am pro-life, and I will be appointing pro-life judges, I would think that that will go back to the individual states.If they overturned it, it will go back to the states.Well, if we put another two or perhaps three justice on, that's really what's going to be -- that will happen. And that'll happen automatically, in my opinion, because I am putting pro-life justices on the court. I will say this: It will go back to the states, and the states will then make a determination.Well, I think it's terrible. If you go with what Hillary is saying, in the ninth month, you can take the baby and rip the baby out of the womb of the mother just prior to the birth of the baby.Now, you can say that that's OK and Hillary can say that that's OK. But it's not OK with me, because based on what she's saying, and based on where she's going, and where she's been, you can take the baby and rip the baby out of the womb in the ninth month on the final day. And that's not acceptable.And, honestly, nobody has business doing what I just said, doing that, as late as one or two or three or four days prior to birth. Nobody has that.Well, first of all, she wants to give amnesty, which is a disaster and very unfair to all of the people that are waiting on line for many, many years. We need strong borders.In the audience tonight, we have four mothers of -- I mean, these are unbelievable people that I've gotten to know over a period of years whose children have been killed, brutally killed by people that came into the country illegally. You have thousands of mothers and fathers and relatives all over the country. They're coming in illegally. Drugs are pouring in through the border. We have no country if we have no border.Hillary wants to give amnesty. She wants to have open borders. The border -- as you know, the Border Patrol agents, 16,500-plus ICE last week, endorsed me. First time they've ever endorsed a candidate. It means their job is tougher. But they know what's going on. They know it better than anybody. They want strong borders. They feel we have to have strong borders.I was up in New Hampshire the other day. The biggest complaint they have -- it's with all of the problems going on in the world, many of the problems caused by Hillary Clinton and by Barack Obama. All of the problems -- the single biggest problem is heroin that pours across our southern border. It's just pouring and destroying their youth. It's poisoning the blood of their youth and plenty of other people. We have to have strong borders. We have to keep the drugs out of our country. We are -- right now, we're getting the drugs, they're getting the cash. We need strong borders. We need absolute -- we cannot give amnesty.Now, I want to build the wall. We need the wall. And the Border Patrol, ICE, they all want the wall. We stop the drugs. We shore up the border. One of my first acts will be to get all of the drug lords, all of the bad ones -- we have some bad, bad people in this country that have to go out. We're going to get them out; we're going to secure the border. And once the border is secured, at a later date, we'll make a determination as to the rest. But we have some bad hombres here, and we're going to get them out.Chris, I think it's...I think I should respond to that. First of all, I had a very good meeting with the president of Mexico. Very nice man. We will be doing very much better with Mexico on trade deals. Believe me. The NAFTA deal signed by her husband is one of the worst deals ever made of any kind, signed by anybody. It's a disaster.Hillary Clinton wanted the wall. Hillary Clinton fought for the wall in 2006 or thereabouts. Now, she never gets anything done, so naturally the wall wasn't built. But Hillary Clinton wanted the wall.We are a country of laws. We either have -- and by the way...Well -- well, but she said one thing.And the wall.President Obama has moved millions of people out. Nobody knows about it, nobody talks about it. But under Obama, millions of people have been moved out of this country. They've been deported. She doesn't want to say that, but that's what's happened, and that's what happened big league.As far as moving these people out and moving -- we either have a country or we don't. We're a country of laws. We either have a border or we don't.Now, you can come back in and you can become a citizen. But it's very unfair. We have millions of people that did it the right way. They're on line. They're waiting. We're going to speed up the process, big league, because it's very inefficient. But they're on line and they're waiting to become citizens.Very unfair that somebody runs across the border, becomes a citizen, under her plan, you have open borders. You would have a disaster on trade, and you will have a disaster with your open borders.But what she doesn't say is that President Obama has deported millions and millions of people just the way it is.Thank you.That was a great pivot off the fact that she wants open borders, OK? How did we get on to Putin?So just to finish on the borders...She wants open borders. People are going to pour into our country. People are going to come in from Syria. She wants 550 percent more people than Barack Obama, and he has thousands and thousands of people. They have no idea where they come from.And you see, we are going to stop radical Islamic terrorism in this country. She won't even mention the words, and neither will President Obama. So I just want to tell you, she wants open borders.Now we can talk about Putin. I don't know Putin. He said nice things about me. If we got along well, that would be good. If Russia and the United States got along well and went after ISIS, that would be good.He has no respect for her. He has no respect for our president. And I'll tell you what: We're in very serious trouble, because we have a country with tremendous numbers of nuclear warheads -- 1,800, by the way -- where they expanded and we didn't, 1,800 nuclear warheads. And she's playing chicken. Look, Putin...... from everything I see, has no respect for this person.No puppet. No puppet.You're the puppet!No, you're the puppet.She has no idea whether it's Russia, China, or anybody else.She has no idea.Hillary, you have no idea.And our country has no idea.Yeah, I doubt it. I doubt it.She doesn't like Putin because Putin has outsmarted her at every step of the way.Excuse me. Putin has outsmarted her in Syria.He's outsmarted her every step of the way.Yes, that's fine.By Russia or anybody else.Of course I condemn. Of course I -- I don't know Putin. I have no idea.I never met Putin. This is not my best friend. But if the United States got along with Russia, wouldn't be so bad.Let me tell you, Putin has outsmarted her and Obama at every single step of the way. Whether it's Syria, you name it. Missiles. Take a look at the start up" that they signed. The Russians have saidAnd all you have to do is look at the Middle East. They've taken over. We've spent $6 trillion. They've taken over the Middle East. She has been outsmarted and outplayed worse than anybody I've ever seen in any government whatsoever.And she always will be.Wrong.I have 200 generals...... and admirals, 21 endorsing me, 21 congressional Medal of Honor recipients. As far as Japan and other countries, we are being ripped off by everybody in the -- we're defending other countries. We are spending a fortune doing it. They have the bargain of the century.All I said is, we have to renegotiate these agreements, because our country cannot afford to defend Saudi Arabia, Japan, Germany, South Korea, and many other places. We cannot continue to afford -- she took that as saying nuclear weapons.Look, she's been proven to be a liar on so many different ways. This is just another lie.There's no quote. You're not going to find a quote from me.And defend yourselves.And defend yourselves. I didn't say nuclear. And defend yourself.Yes.Well, first of all, before I start on my plan, her plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes. Her tax plan is a disaster. And she can say all she wants about college tuition. And I'm a big proponent. We're going to do a lot of things for college tuition. But the rest of the public's going to be paying for it. We will have a massive, massive tax increase under Hillary Clinton's plan.But I'd like to start off where we left, because when I said Japan and Germany, and I'm -- not to single them out, but South Korea, these are very rich, powerful countries. Saudi Arabia, nothing but money. We protect Saudi Arabia. Why aren't they paying?She immediately -- when she heard this, I questioned it, and I questioned NATO. Why aren't the NATO questioned -- why aren't they paying? Because they weren't paying.Since I did this -- this was a year ago -- all of a sudden, they're paying. And I've been given a lot -- a lot of credit for it. All of a sudden, they're starting to pay up. They have to pay up. We're protecting people, they have to pay up. And I'm a big fan of NATO. But they have to pay up.She comes out and said, we love our allies, we think our allies are great. Well, it's awfully hard to get them to pay up when you have somebody saying we think how great they are.We have to tell Japan in a very nice way, we have to tell Germany, all of these countries, South Korea, we have to say, you have to help us out. We have, during his regime, during President Obama's regime, we've doubled our national debt. We're up to $20 trillion.So my plan -- we're going to renegotiate trade deals. We're going to have a lot of free trade. We're going to have free trade, more free trade than we have right now. But we have horrible deals. Our jobs are being taken out by the deal that her husband signed, NAFTA, one of the worst deals ever. Our jobs are being sucked out of our economy.You look at all of the places that I just left, you go to Pennsylvania, you go to Ohio, you go to Florida, you go to any of them. You go upstate New York. Our jobs have fled to Mexico and other places. We're bringing our jobs back.I am going to renegotiate NAFTA. And if I can't make a great deal -- then we're going to terminate NAFTA and we're going to create new deals. We're going to have trade, but we're going -- we're going to terminate it, we're going to make a great trade deal.And if we can't, we're going to do it -- we're going to go a separate way, because it has been a disaster. We are going to cut taxes massively. We're going to cut business taxes massively. They're going to start hiring people. We're going to bring the $2.5 trillion...... that's offshore back into the country. We are going to start the engine rolling again, because...... right now, our country is dying at 1 percent GDP.You can't.Correct.Over a 10-year period.So I just left some high representatives of India. They're growing at 8 percent. China is growing at 7 percent. And that for them is a catastrophically low number.We are growing -- our last report came out -- and it's right around the 1 percent level. And I think it's going down. Last week, as you know, the end of last week, they came out with an anemic jobs report. A terrible jobs report. In fact I said, is that the last jobs report before the election? Because if it is, I should win easily, it was so bad. The report was so bad.Look, our country is stagnant. We've lost our jobs. We've lost our businesses. We're not making things anymore, relatively speaking. Our product is pouring in from China, pouring in from Vietnam, pouring in from all over the world.I've visited so many communities. This has been such an incredible education for me, Chris. I've gotten to know so many -- I've developed so many friends over the last year. And they cry when they see what's happened. I pass factories that were thriving 20, 25 years ago, and because of the bill that her husband signed and she blessed 100 percent, it is just horrible what's happened to these people in these communities.Now, she can say that her husband did well, but, boy, did they suffer as NAFTA kicked in, because it didn't really kick in very much, but it kicked in after they left. Boy, did they suffer. That was one of the worst things that's ever been signed by our country.Now she wants to sign Trans-Pacific Partnership. And she wants it. She lied when she said she didn't call it the gold standard in one of the debates. She totally lied. She did call it the gold standard. And they actually fact checked, and they said I was right. I was so honored.And that will be as bad as NAFTA.Well, let me just say -- let me just say.Let me ask a simple question. She's been doing this for 30 years. Why the hell didn't you do it over the last 15, 20 years?You were very much involved -- excuse me. My turn. You were very much involved in every aspect of this country. Very much. And you do have experience. I say the one thing you have over me is experience, but it's bad experience, because what you've done has turned out badly.For 30 years, you've been in a position to help, and if you say that I use steel or I use something else, I -- make it impossible for me to do that. I wouldn't mind.The problem is, you talk, but you don't get anything done, Hillary. You don't. Just like when you ran the State Department, $6 billion was missing. How do you miss $6 billion? You ran the State Department, $6 billion was either stolen. They don't know. It's gone, $6 billion. If you become president, this country is going to be in some mess. Believe me.Give me a break.Well, I think I did a much better job. I built a massive company, a great company, some of the greatest assets anywhere in the world, worth many, many billions of dollars. I started with a $1 million loan. I agree with that. It's a $1 million loan. But I built a phenomenal company.And if we could run our country the way I've run my company, we would have a country that you would be so proud of. You would even be proud of it.And frankly, when you look at her real record, take a look at Syria. Take a look at the migration. Take a look at Libya. Take a look at Iraq. She gave us ISIS, because her and Obama created this huge vacuum, and a small group came out of that huge vacuum because when -- we should never have been in Iraq, but once we were there, we should have never got out the way they wanted to get out. She gave us ISIS as sure as you are sitting there. And what happened is now ISIS is in 32 countries. And now I listen how she's going to get rid of ISIS. She's going to get rid of nobody.Well, first of all, those stories have been largely debunked. Those people -- I don't know those people. I have a feeling how they came. I believe it was her campaign that did it.Just like if you look at what came out today on the clips where I was wondering what happened with my rally in Chicago and other rallies where we had such violence? She's the one and Obama that caused the violence. They hired people -- they paid them $1,500, and they're on tape saying be violent, cause fights, do bad things.I would say the only way -- because those stories are all totally false, I have to say that. And I didn't even apologize to my wife, who's sitting right here, because I didn't do anything. I didn't know any of these -- I didn't see these women.These women -- the woman on the plane, the -- I think they want either fame or her campaign did it. And I think it's her campaign. Because what I saw what they did, which is a criminal act, by the way, where they're telling people to go out and start fist-fights and start violence.And I'll tell you what, in particular in Chicago, people were hurt and people could have been killed in that riot. And that was now all on tape, started by her. I believe, Chris, that she got these people to step forward. If it wasn't, they get their 10 minutes of fame. But they were all totally -- it was all fiction. It was lies, and it was fiction.I did not say that. I did not say that.I did not say that.Nobody has more respect for women than I do. Nobody. [Laughter]Nobody has more respect...And frankly, those stories have been largely debunked. And I really want to just talk about something slightly different.She mentions this, which is all fiction, all fictionalized, probably or possibly started by her and her very sleazy campaign. But I will tell you what isn't fictionalized are her e-mails, where she destroyed 33,000 e-mails criminally, criminally, after getting a subpoena from the United States Congress.What happened to the FBI, I don't know. We have a great general, four-star general, today you read it in all of the papers, going to potentially serve five years in jail for lying to the FBI. One lie. She's lied hundreds of times to the people, to Congress, and to the FBI. He's going to probably go to jail. This is a four-star general. And she gets away with it, and she can run for the presidency of the United States? That's really what you should be talking about, not fiction, where somebody wants fame or where they come out of her crooked campaign.Wrong.So sad when she talks about violence at my rallies, and she caused the violence. It's on tape.The other things are false, but honestly, I'd love to talk about getting rid of ISIS, and I'd love to talk about other things...... but those other charges, as she knows, are false.I think that it's been very well...It's been very well studied.... and it's a criminal enterprise, and so many people know it.It's a criminal enterprise. Saudi Arabia giving $25 million, Qatar, all of these countries. You talk about women and women's rights? So these are people that push gays off business -- off buildings. These are people that kill women and treat women horribly. And yet you take their money.So I'd like to ask you right now, why don't you give back the money that you've taken from certain countries that treat certain groups of people so horribly? Why don't you give back the money? I think it would be a great gesture.Because she takes a tremendous amount of money. And you take a look at the people of Haiti. I was at a little Haiti the other day in Florida. And I want to tell you, they hate the Clintons, because what's happened in Haiti with the Clinton Foundation is a disgrace. And you know it, and they know it, and everybody knows it.They don't want you to help them anymore. [Crosstalk]I'd like to mention one thing. Trump Foundation, small foundation. People contribute, I contribute. The money goes 100 percent -- 100 percent goes to different charities, including a lot of military. I don't get anything. I don't buy boats. I don't buy planes. What happens -- the money goes to them.No, it was -- we put up the American flag. And that's it. They put up the American flag. We fought for the right in Palm Beach to put up the American flag.There was. There was. And, by the way...... the money -- the money went to Fisher House, where they build houses -- the money that you're talking about went to Fisher House, where they build houses for veterans and disabled vets.So let me just tell you very quickly, we're entitled because of the laws that people like her passed to take massive amounts of depreciation on other charges, and we do it. And all of her donors -- just about all of them -- I know Buffett took hundreds of millions of dollars, Soros, George Soros, took hundreds of millions of dollars...Let me just explain.Most of her donors have done the same thing as I do.You know what she should have done?And you know, Hillary, what you should have done, you should have changed the law when you were a United States senator...... because your donors and your special interests are doing the same thing as I do, except even more so.You should have changed the law. But you won't change the law, because you take in so much money. I mean, I sat in my apartment today on a very beautiful hotel down the street known as Trump...But I will tell you, I sat there... [Laughter]... I sat there watching ad after ad after ad, false ad. All paid for by your friends on Wall Street that gave so much money because they know you're going to protect them. And, frankly, you should have changed the laws.If you don't like what I did, you should have changed the laws.I will look at it at the time. I'm not looking at anything now. I'll look at it at the time.What I've seen -- what I've seen is so bad. First of all, the media is so dishonest and so corrupt, and the pile-on is so amazing. The New York Times actually wrote an article about it, but they don't even care. It's so dishonest. And they've poisoned the mind of the voters.But unfortunately for them, I think the voters are seeing through it. I think they're going to see through it. We'll find out on November 8th. But I think they're going to see through it.If you look -- excuse me, Chris -- if you look at your voter rolls, you will see millions of people that are registered to vote -- millions, this isn't coming from me -- this is coming from Pew Report and other places -- millions of people that are registered to vote that shouldn't be registered to vote.So let me just give you one other thing. So I talk about the corrupt media. I talk about the millions of people -- tell you one other thing. She shouldn't be allowed to run. It's crooked -- she's -- she's guilty of a very, very serious crime. She should not be allowed to run.And just in that respect, I say it's rigged, because she should never...Chris, she should never have been allowed to run for the presidency based on what she did with e-mails and so many other things.What I'm saying is that I will tell you at the time. I'll keep you in suspense. OK?Should have gotten it. [Laughter]I think what the FBI did and what the Department of Justice did, including meeting with her husband, the attorney general, in the back of an airplane on the tarmac in Arizona, I think it's disgraceful. I think it's a disgrace.I think we've never had a situation so bad in this country. [Applause]Let me tell you, Mosul is so sad. We had Mosul. But when she left, when she took everybody out, we lost Mosul. Now we're fighting again to get Mosul. The problem with Mosul and what they wanted to do is they wanted to get the leaders of ISIS who they felt were in Mosul.About three months ago, I started reading that they want to get the leaders and they're going to attack Mosul. Whatever happened to the element of surprise, OK? We announce we're going after Mosul. I have been reading about going after Mosul now for about -- how long is it, Hillary, three months? These people have all left. They've all left.The element of surprise. Douglas MacArthur, George Patton spinning in their graves when they see the stupidity of our country. So we're now fighting for Mosul, that we had. All she had to do was stay there, and now we're going in to get it.But you know who the big winner in Mosul is going to be after we eventually get it? And the only reason they did it is because she's running for the office of president and they want to look tough. They want to look good. He violated the red line in the sand, and he made so many mistakes, made all the mistakes. That's why we have the great migration. But she wanted to look good for the election. So they're going in.But who's going to get Mosul, really? We'll take Mosul eventually. But the way -- if you look at what's happening, much tougher than they thought. Much, much tougher. Much more dangerous. Going to be more deaths that they thought.But the leaders that we wanted to get are all gone because they're smart. They say, what do we need this for? So Mosul is going to be a wonderful thing. And Iran should write us a letter of thank you, just like the really stupid -- the stupidest deal of all time, a deal that's going to give Iran absolutely nuclear weapons. Iran should write us yet another letter saying thank you very much, because Iran, as I said many years ago, Iran is taking over Iraq, something they've wanted to do forever, but we've made it so easy for them.So we're now going to take Mosul. And do you know who's going to be the beneficiary? Iran. Oh, yeah, they're making -- I mean, they are outsmarting -- look, you're not there, you might be involved in that decision. But you were there when you took everybody out of Mosul and out of Iraq. You shouldn't have been in Iraq, but you did vote for it. You shouldn't have been in Iraq, but once you were in Iraq, you should have never left the way.The point is, the big winner is going to be Iran.Wrong.Wrong.Wrong.Chris, we don't gain anything.Iran is taking over Iraq.Iran is taking over Iraq. We don't gain anything.If they did it by surprise... [Crosstalk]We could have gained if they did it by surprise.No, you are the one that's unfit. You know, WikiLeaks just actually came out -- John Podesta said some horrible things about you, and, boy, was he right. He said some beauties. And you know, Bernie Sanders, he said you have bad judgment. You do.And if you think that going into Mosul after we let the world know we're going in, and all of the people that we really wanted -- the leaders -- they're all gone. If you think that was good, then you do. Now, John Podesta said you have terrible instincts. Bernie Sanders said you have bad judgment. I agree with both.Which is a big mistake.It's a catastrophe. I mean...... it's a mess.Have you seen it? Have you seen it?Have you seen what's happening to Aleppo?OK, so it hasn't fallen. Take a look at it.That's right. And they are being slaughtered...... because of bad decisions.Well, Aleppo is a disaster. It's a humanitarian nightmare. But it has fallen from the -- from any standpoint. I mean, what do you need, a signed document? Take a look at Aleppo. It is so sad when you see what's happened.And a lot of this is because of Hillary Clinton, because what's happened is, by fighting Assad, who turned out to be a lot tougher than she thought, and now she's going to say, oh, he loves Assad, she's -- he's just much tougher and much smarter than her and Obama. And everyone thought he was gone two years ago, three years ago. He -- he aligned with Russia.He now also aligned with Iran, who we made very powerful. We gave them $150 billion back. We give them $1.7 billion in cash. I mean, cash. Bundles of cash as big as this stage. We gave them $1.7 billion.Now they have -- he has aligned with Russia and with Iran. They don't want ISIS, but they have other things, because we're backing -- we're backing rebels. We don't know who the rebels are. We're giving them lots of money, lots of everything. We don't know who the rebels are. And when and if -- and it's not going to happen, because you have Russia and you have Iran now. But if they ever did overthrow Assad, you might end up with -- as bad as Assad is, and he's a bad guy, but you may very well end up with worse than Assad.If she did nothing, we'd be in much better shape. And this is what's caused the great migration, where she's taking in tens of thousands of Syrian refugees, who probably in many cases -- not probably, who are definitely...... in many cases, ISIS-aligned, and we now have them in our country, and wait until you see -- this is going to be the great Trojan horse. And wait until you see what happens in the coming years. Lots of luck, Hillary. Thanks a lot for doing a great job.But I just have to...It's so ridiculous what she -- she will defeat ISIS. We should have never let ISIS happen in the first place. And right now, they're in 32 countries.We should have -- wait one second. They had a cease-fire three weeks ago. A cease-fire, the United States, Russia, and Syria. And during the cease-fire, Russia took over vast swatches of land, and then they said we don't want the cease-fire anymore.We are so outplayed on missiles, on cease-fires. They are outplayed. Now, she wasn't there. I assume she had nothing to do with it. But our country is so outplayed by Putin and Assad, and by the way -- and by Iran. Nobody can believe how stupid our leadership is.Well, I say they're wrong, because I'm going to create tremendous jobs. And we're bringing GDP from, really, 1 percent, which is what it is now, and if she got in, it will be less than zero. But we're bringing it from 1 percent up to 4 percent. And I actually think we can go higher than 4 percent. I think you can go to 5 percent or 6 percent. And if we do, you don't have to bother asking your question, because we have a tremendous machine. We will have created a tremendous economic machine once again. To do that, we're taking back jobs. We're not going to let our companies be raided by other countries where we lose all our jobs, we don't make our product anymore. It's very sad. But I'm going to create a -- the kind of a country that we were from the standpoint of industry. We used to be there. We've given it up. We've become very, very sloppy.We've had people that are political hacks making the biggest deals in the world, bigger than companies. You take these big companies, these trade deals are far bigger than these companies, and yet we don't use our great leaders, many of whom back me and many of whom back Hillary, I must say. But we don't use those people. Those are the people -- these are the greatest negotiators in the world. We have the greatest businesspeople in the world. We have to use them to negotiate our trade deals.We use political hacks. We use people that get the position because they gave -- they made a campaign contribution and they're dealing with China and people that are very much smarter than they are. So we have to use our great people.But that being said, we will create an economic machine the likes of which we haven't seen in many decades. And people, Chris, will again go back to work and they'll make a lot of money. And we'll have companies that will grow and expand and start from new.Yeah, yeah, we've heard -- we've heard this before, Hillary.We've heard this before.Thank you, Hillary. Could I just respond?Because I did disagree with Ronald Reagan very strongly on trade. I disagreed with him. We should have been much tougher on trade even then. I've been waiting for years. Nobody does it right.And frankly, now we're going to do it right.I'm cutting taxes. We're going to grow the economy. It's going to grow at a record rate of growth.No, it's going to totally help you. And one thing we have to do: Repeal and replace the disaster known as Obamacare. It's destroying our country. It's destroying our businesses, our small business and our big businesses. We have to repeal and replace Obamacare.You take a look at the kind of numbers that that will cost us in the year '17, it is a disaster. If we don't repeal and replace -- now, it's probably going to die of its own weight. But Obamacare has to go. It's -- the premiums are going up 60 percent, 70 percent, 80 percent. Next year they're going to go up over 100 percent.And I'm really glad that the premiums have started -- at least the people see what's happening, because she wants to keep Obamacare and she wants to make it even worse, and it can't get any worse. Bad health care at the most expensive price. We have to repeal and replace Obamacare.Such a nasty woman.Your husband disagrees with you.She's raising the money from the people she wants to control. Doesn't work that way.But when I started this campaign, I started it very strongly. It's called Make America Great Again." We're going to make America great. We have a depleted military. It has to be helpedOur policemen and women are disrespected. We need law and order, but we need justice, too. Our inner cities are a disaster. You get shot walking to the store. They have no education. They have no jobs. I will do more for African-Americans and Latinos than she can ever do in 10 lifetimes.All she's done is talk to the African-Americans and to the Latinos, but they get the vote, and then they come back, they say, we'll see you in four years. We are going to make America strong again, and we are going to make America great again, and it has to start now. We cannot take four more years of Barack Obama, and that's what you get when you get her.Well, I actually agree with that. I agree with everything she said. I began this campaign because I was so tired of seeing such foolish things happen to our country. This is a great country. This is a great land. I've gotten to know the people of the country over the last year-and-a-half that I've been doing this as a politician. I cannot believe I'm saying that about myself, but I guess I have been a politician.And my whole concept was to make America great again. When I watch the deals being made, when I watch what's happening with some horrible things like Obamacare, where your health insurance and health care is going up by numbers that are astronomical, 68 percent, 59 percent, 71 percent, when I look at the Iran deal and how bad a deal it is for us, it's a one-sided transaction where we're giving back $150 billion to a terrorist state, really, the number one terror state, we've made them a strong country from really a very weak country just three years ago.When I look at all of the things that I see and all of the potential that our country has, we have such tremendous potential, whether it's in business and trade, where we're doing so badly. Last year, we had almost $800 billion trade deficit. In other words, trading with other countries. We had an $800 billion deficit. It's hard to believe. Inconceivable.You say who's making these deals? We're going the make great deals. We're going to have a strong border. We're going to bring back law and order. Just today, policemen was shot, two killed. And this is happening on a weekly basis. We have to bring back respect to law enforcement. At the same time, we have to take care of people on all sides. We need justice.But I want to do things that haven't been done, including fixing and making our inner cities better for the African-American citizens that are so great, and for the Latinos, Hispanics, and I look forward to doing it. It's called make America great again.No, I didn't say that at all. I don't think you understood what was -- this was locker room talk. I'm not proud of it. I apologize to my family. I apologize to the American people. Certainly I'm not proud of it. But this is locker room talk.You know, when we have a world where you have ISIS chopping off heads, where you have -- and, frankly, drowning people in steel cages, where you have wars and horrible, horrible sights all over, where you have so many bad things happening, this is like medieval times. We haven't seen anything like this, the carnage all over the world.And they look and they see. Can you imagine the people that are, frankly, doing so well against us with ISIS? And they look at our country and they see what's going on.Yes, I'm very embarrassed by it. I hate it. But it's locker room talk, and it's one of those things. I will knock the hell out of ISIS. We're going to defeat ISIS. ISIS happened a number of years ago in a vacuum that was left because of bad judgment. And I will tell you, I will take care of ISIS.And we should get on to much more important things and much bigger things.I have great respect for women. Nobody has more respect for women than I do.I've said things that, frankly, you hear these things I said. And I was embarrassed by it. But I have tremendous respect for women.And women have respect for me. And I will tell you: No, I have not. And I will tell you that I'm going to make our country safe. We're going to have borders in our country, which we don't have now. People are pouring into our country, and they're coming in from the Middle East and other places.We're going to make America safe again. We're going to make America great again, but we're going to make America safe again. And we're going to make America wealthy again, because if you don't do that, it just -- it sounds harsh to say, but we have to build up the wealth of our nation.Right now, other nations are taking our jobs and they're taking our wealth.And that's what I want to talk about.Am I allowed to respond to that? I assume I am.It's just words, folks. It's just words. Those words, I've been hearing them for many years. I heard them when they were running for the Senate in New York, where Hillary was going to bring back jobs to upstate New York and she failed.I've heard them where Hillary is constantly talking about the inner cities of our country, which are a disaster education-wise, jobwise, safety-wise, in every way possible. I'm going to help the African-Americans. I'm going to help the Latinos, Hispanics. I am going to help the inner cities.She's done a terrible job for the African-Americans. She wants their vote, and she does nothing, and then she comes back four years later. We saw that firsthand when she was United States senator. She campaigned where the primary part of her campaign...So, she's allowed to do that, but I'm not allowed to respond?Sounds fair.It was locker room talk, as I told you. That was locker room talk. I'm not proud of it. I am a person who has great respect for people, for my family, for the people of this country. And certainly, I'm not proud of it. But that was something that happened.If you look at Bill Clinton, far worse. Mine are words, and his was action. His was what he's done to women. There's never been anybody in the history politics in this nation that's been so abusive to women. So you can say any way you want to say it, but Bill Clinton was abusive to women.Hillary Clinton attacked those same women and attacked them viciously. Four of them here tonight. One of the women, who is a wonderful woman, at 12 years old, was raped at 12. Her client she represented got him off, and she's seen laughing on two separate occasions, laughing at the girl who was raped. Kathy Shelton, that young woman is here with us tonight.So don't tell me about words. I am absolutely -- I apologize for those words. But it is things that people say. But what President Clinton did, he was impeached, he lost his license to practice law. He had to pay an $850,000 fine to one of the women. Paula Jones, who's also here tonight.And I will tell you that when Hillary brings up a point like that and she talks about words that I said 11 years ago, I think it's disgraceful, and I think she should be ashamed of herself, if you want to know the truth. [Applause]Well, you owe the president an apology, because as you know very well, your campaign, Sidney Blumenthal -- he's another real winner that you have -- and he's the one that got this started, along with your campaign manager, and they were on television just two weeks ago, she was, saying exactly that. So you really owe him an apology. You're the one that sent the pictures around your campaign, sent the pictures around with President Obama in a certain garb. That was long before I was ever involved, so you actually owe an apology.Number two, Michelle Obama. I've gotten to see the commercials that they did on you. And I've gotten to see some of the most vicious commercials I've ever seen of Michelle Obama talking about you, Hillary.So, you talk about friend? Go back and take a look at those commercials, a race where you lost fair and square, unlike the Bernie Sanders race, where you won, but not fair and square, in my opinion. And all you have to do is take a look at WikiLeaks and just see what they say about Bernie Sanders and see what Deborah Wasserman Schultz had in mind, because Bernie Sanders, between super-delegates and Deborah Wasserman Schultz, he never had a chance. And I was so surprised to see him sign on with the devil.But when you talk about apology, I think the one that you should really be apologizing for and the thing that you should be apologizing for are the 33,000 e-mails that you deleted, and that you acid washed, and then the two boxes of e-mails and other things last week that were taken from an office and are now missing.And I'll tell you what. I didn't think I'd say this, but I'm going to say it, and I hate to say it. But if I win, I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation, because there has never been so many lies, so much deception. There has never been anything like it, and we're going to have a special prosecutor.When I speak, I go out and speak, the people of this country are furious. In my opinion, the people that have been long-term workers at the FBI are furious. There has never been anything like this, where e-mails -- and you get a subpoena, you get a subpoena, and after getting the subpoena, you delete 33,000 e-mails, and then you acid wash them or bleach them, as you would say, very expensive process.So we're going to get a special prosecutor, and we're going to look into it, because you know what? People have been -- their lives have been destroyed for doing one-fifth of what you've done. And it's a disgrace. And honestly, you ought to be ashamed of yourself.Oh, really?Because you'd be in jail. [Applause]And yet she didn't know the word -- the letter C on a document. Right? She didn't even know what that word -- what that letter meant.You know, it's amazing. I'm watching Hillary go over facts. And she's going after fact after fact, and she's lying again, because she said she -- you know, what she did with the e-mail was fine. You think it was fine to delete 33,000 e-mails? I don't think so.She said the 33,000 e-mails had to do with her daughter's wedding, number one, and a yoga class. Well, maybe we'll give three or three or four or five or something. 33,000 e-mails deleted, and now she's saying there wasn't anything wrong.And more importantly, that was after getting a subpoena. That wasn't before. That was after. She got it from the United States Congress. And I'll be honest, I am so disappointed in congressmen, including Republicans, for allowing this to happen.Our Justice Department, where our husband goes on to the back of a airplane for 39 minutes, talks to the attorney general days before a ruling is going to be made on her case. But for you to say that there was nothing wrong with you deleting 39,000 e-mails, again, you should be ashamed of yourself. What you did -- and this is after getting a subpoena from the United States Congress.You did that. Wait a minute. One second.If you did that in the private sector, you'd be put in jail, let alone after getting a subpoena from the United States Congress.Oh, you didn't delete them?Oh, 33,000? Yeah.Oh, yeah. What about the other 15,000?Because you have nothing to say.Get off this question.Let's see what happens... [Crosstalk]I'd like to know, Anderson, why aren't you bringing up the e-mails? I'd like to know. Why aren't you bringing...No, it hasn't. It hasn't. And it hasn't been finished at all.It's nice to -- one on three.No, I'm a gentlemen, Hillary. Go ahead. [Laughter]It is such a great question and it's maybe the question I get almost more than anything else, outside of defense. Obamacare is a disaster. You know it. We all know it. It's going up at numbers that nobody's ever seen worldwide. Nobody's ever seen numbers like this for health care.It's only getting worse. In '17, it implodes by itself. Their method of fixing it is to go back and ask Congress for more money, more and more money. We have right now almost $20 trillion in debt.Obamacare will never work. It's very bad, very bad health insurance. Far too expensive. And not only expensive for the person that has it, unbelievably expensive for our country. It's going to be one of the biggest line items very shortly.We have to repeal it and replace it with something absolutely much less expensive and something that works, where your plan can actually be tailored. We have to get rid of the lines around the state, artificial lines, where we stop insurance companies from coming in and competing, because they want -- and President Obama and whoever was working on it -- they want to leave those lines, because that gives the insurance companies essentially monopolies. We want competition.You will have the finest health care plan there is. She wants to go to a single-payer plan, which would be a disaster, somewhat similar to Canada. And if you haven't noticed the Canadians, when they need a big operation, when something happens, they come into the United States in many cases because their system is so slow. It's catastrophic in certain ways.But she wants to go to single payer, which means the government basically rules everything. Hillary Clinton has been after this for years. Obamacare was the first step. Obamacare is a total disaster. And not only are your rates going up by numbers that nobody's ever believed, but your deductibles are going up, so that unless you get hit by a truck, you're never going to be able to use it.It is a disastrous plan, and it has to be repealed and replaced.Well, I just want -- just one thing. First of all, Hillary, everything's broken about it. Everything. Number two, Bernie Sanders said that Hillary Clinton has very bad judgment. This is a perfect example of it, trying to save Obamacare, which is a disaster.By the way...We're going to be able to. You're going to have plans...Well, I'll tell you what it means. You're going to have plans that are so good, because we're going to have so much competition in the insurance industry. Once we break out -- once we break out the lines and allow the competition to come...President Obama -- Anderson, excuse me. President Obama, by keeping those lines, the boundary lines around each state, it was almost gone until just very toward the end of the passage of Obamacare, which, by the way, was a fraud. You know that, because Jonathan Gruber, the architect of Obamacare, was said -- he said it was a great lie, it was a big lie. President Obama said you keep your doctor, you keep your plan. The whole thing was a fraud, and it doesn't work.But when we get rid of those lines, you will have competition, and we will be able to keep pre-existing, we'll also be able to help people that can't get -- don't have money because we are going to have people protected.And Republicans feel this way, believe it or not, and strongly this way. We're going to block grant into the states. We're going to block grant into Medicaid into the states...... so that we will be able to take care of people without the necessary funds to take care of themselves.Well, you're right about Islamophobia, and that's a shame. But one thing we have to do is we have to make sure that -- because there is a problem. I mean, whether we like it or not, and we could be very politically correct, but whether we like it or not, there is a problem. And we have to be sure that Muslims come in and report when they see something going on. When they see hatred going on, they have to report it.As an example, in San Bernardino, many people saw the bombs all over the apartment of the two people that killed 14 and wounded many, many people. Horribly wounded. They'll never be the same. Muslims have to report the problems when they see them.And, you know, there's always a reason for everything. If they don't do that, it's a very difficult situation for our country, because you look at Orlando and you look at San Bernardino and you look at the World Trade Center. Go outside. Look at Paris. Look at that horrible -- these are radical Islamic terrorists.And she won't even mention the word and nor will President Obama. He won't use the term radical Islamic terrorism." NowFirst of all, Captain Khan is an American hero, and if I were president at that time, he would be alive today, because unlike her, who voted for the war without knowing what she was doing, I would not have had our people in Iraq. Iraq was disaster. So he would have been alive today.The Muslim ban is something that in some form has morphed into a extreme vetting from certain areas of the world. Hillary Clinton wants to allow hundreds of thousands -- excuse me. Excuse me..Why don't you interrupt her? You interrupt me all the time.Why don't you interrupt her?It's called extreme vetting. We are going to areas like Syria where they're coming in by the tens of thousands because of Barack Obama. And Hillary Clinton wants to allow a 550 percent increase over Obama. People are coming into our country like we have no idea who they are, where they are from, what their feelings about our country is, and she wants 550 percent more. This is going to be the great Trojan horse of all time.We have enough problems in this country. I believe in building safe zones. I believe in having other people pay for them, as an example, the Gulf states, who are not carrying their weight, but they have nothing but money, and take care of people. But I don't want to have, with all the problems this country has and all of the problems that you see going on, hundreds of thousands of people coming in from Syria when we know nothing about them. We know nothing about their values and we know nothing about their love for our country.That's not been debunked.That has not been debunked.I was against -- I was against the war in Iraq. Has not been debunked. And you voted for it. And you shouldn't have. Well, I just want to say...Excuse me. She just went about 25 seconds over her time.Could I just respond to this, please?Hillary Clinton, in terms of having people come into our country, we have many criminal illegal aliens. When we want to send them back to their country, their country says we don't want them. In some cases, they're murderers, drug lords, drug problems. And they don't want them.And Hillary Clinton, when she was secretary of state, said that's OK, we can't force it into their country. Let me tell you, I'm going to force them right back into their country. They're murderers and some very bad people.And I will tell you very strongly, when Bernie Sanders said she had bad judgment, she has really bad judgment, because we are letting people into this country that are going to cause problems and crime like you've never seen. We're also letting drugs pour through our southern border at a record clip. At a record clip. And it shouldn't be allowed to happen.ICE just endorsed me. They've never endorsed a presidential candidate. The Border Patrol agents, 16,500, just recently endorsed me, and they endorsed me because I understand the border. She doesn't. She wants amnesty for everybody. Come right in. Come right over. It's a horrible thing she's doing. She's got bad judgment, and honestly, so bad that she should never be president of the United States. That I can tell you.Well, I think I should respond, because -- so ridiculous. Look, now she's blaming -- she got caught in a total lie. Her papers went out to all her friends at the banks, Goldman Sachs and everybody else, and she said things -- WikiLeaks that just came out. And she lied. Now she's blaming the lie on the late, great Abraham Lincoln. That's one that I haven't... [Laughter]OK, Honest Abe, Honest Abe never lied. That's the good thing. That's the big difference between Abraham Lincoln and you. That's a big, big difference. We're talking about some difference.But as far as other elements of what she was saying, I don't know Putin. I think it would be great if we got along with Russia because we could fight ISIS together, as an example. But I don't know Putin.But I notice, anytime anything wrong happens, they like to say the Russians are -- she doesn't know if it's the Russians doing the hacking. Maybe there is no hacking. But they always blame Russia. And the reason they blame Russia because they think they're trying to tarnish me with Russia. I know nothing about Russia. I know -- I know about Russia, but I know nothing about the inner workings of Russia. I don't deal there. I have no businesses there. I have no loans from Russia.I have a very, very great balance sheet, so great that when I did the Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Avenue, the United States government, because of my balance sheet, which they actually know very well, chose me to do the Old Post Office, between the White House and Congress, chose me to do the Old Post Office. One of the primary area things, in fact, perhaps the primary thing was balance sheet. But I have no loans with Russia. You could go to the United States government, and they would probably tell you that, because they know my sheet very well in order to get that development I had to have.Now, the taxes are a very simple thing. As soon as I have -- first of all, I pay hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes. Many of her friends took bigger deductions. Warren Buffett took a massive deduction. Soros, who's a friend of hers, took a massive deduction. Many of the people that are giving her all this money that she can do many more commercials than me gave her -- took massive deductions.I pay hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes. But -- but as soon as my routine audit is finished, I'll release my returns. I'll be very proud to. They're actually quite great.Well, one thing I'd do is get rid of carried interest. One of the greatest provisions for people like me, to be honest with you, I give up a lot when I run, because I knock out the tax code. And she could have done this years ago, by the way. She's a United States -- she was a United States senator.She complains that Donald Trump took advantage of the tax code. Well, why didn't she change it? Why didn't you change it when you were a senator? The reason you didn't is that all your friends take the same advantage that I do. And I do. You have provisions in the tax code that, frankly, we could change. But you wouldn't change it, because all of these people gave you the money so you can take negative ads on Donald Trump.But -- and I say that about a lot of things. You know, I've heard Hillary complaining about so many different things over the years. I wish you would have done this." But she's been there for 30 years she's been doing this stuff. She never changed. And she never will change. She never will change.""ut -- and I say that about a lot of things. You knowWe're getting rid of carried interest provisions. I'm lowering taxes actually, because I think it's so important for corporations, because we have corporations leaving -- massive corporations and little ones, little ones can't form. We're getting rid of regulations which goes hand in hand with the lowering of the taxes.But we're bringing the tax rate down from 35 percent to 15 percent. We're cutting taxes for the middle class. And I will tell you, we are cutting them big league for the middle class.And I will tell you, Hillary Clinton is raising your taxes, folks. You can look at me. She's raising your taxes really high. And what that's going to do is a disaster for the country. But she is raising your taxes and I'm lowering your taxes. That in itself is a big difference. We are going to be thriving again. We have no growth in this country. There's no growth. If China has a GDP of 7 percent, it's like a national catastrophe. We're down at 1 percent. And that's, like, no growth. And we're going lower, in my opinion. And a lot of it has to do with the fact that our taxes are so high, just about the highest in the world. And I'm bringing them down to one of the lower in the world. And I think it's so important -- one of the most important things we can do. But she is raising everybody's taxes massively.Of course I do. Of course I do. And so do all of her donors, or most of her donors. I know many of her donors. Her donors took massive tax write-offs.A lot of my -- excuse me, Anderson -- a lot of my write- off was depreciation and other things that Hillary as a senator allowed. And she'll always allow it, because the people that give her all this money, they want it. That's why.See, I understand the tax code better than anybody that's ever run for president. Hillary Clinton -- and it's extremely complex -- Hillary Clinton has friends that want all of these provisions, including they want the carried interest provision, which is very important to Wall Street people. But they really want the carried interest provision, which I believe Hillary's leaving. Very interesting why she's leaving carried interest.But I will tell you that, number one, I pay tremendous numbers of taxes. I absolutely used it. And so did Warren Buffett and so did George Soros and so did many of the other people that Hillary is getting money from. Now, I won't mention their names, because they're rich, but they're not famous. So we won't make them famous.No, but I pay tax, and I pay federal tax, too. But I have a write-off, a lot of it's depreciation, which is a wonderful charge. I love depreciation. You know, she's given it to us.Hey, if she had a problem -- for 30 years she's been doing this, Anderson. I say it all the time. She talks about health care. Why didn't she do something about it? She talks about taxes. Why didn't she do something about it? She doesn't do anything about anything other than talk. With her, it's all talk and no action.And, again, Bernie Sanders, it's really bad judgment. She has made bad judgment not only on taxes. She's made bad judgments on Libya, on Syria, on Iraq. I mean, her and Obama, whether you like it or not, the way they got out of Iraq, the vacuum they've left, that's why ISIS formed in the first place. They started from that little area, and now they're in 32 different nations, Hillary. Congratulations. Great job.Why didn't you do it? Why didn't you do it?Oh, really?You could have done it, if you were an effective -- if you were an effective senator, you could have done it. If you were an effective senator, you could have done it. But you were not an effective senator.She said a lot of things that were false. I mean, I think we should be allowed to maybe...Excuse me. Because she has been a disaster as a senator. A disaster.First of all, she was there as secretary of state with the so-called line in the sand, which...OK. But you were in contact -- excuse me. You were...You were in total contact with the White House, and perhaps, sadly, Obama probably still listened to you. I don't think he would be listening to you very much anymore.Obama draws the line in the sand. It was laughed at all over the world what happened.Now, with that being said, she talks tough against Russia. But our nuclear program has fallen way behind, and they've gone wild with their nuclear program. Not good. Our government shouldn't have allowed that to happen. Russia is new in terms of nuclear. We are old. We're tired. We're exhausted in terms of nuclear. A very bad thing.Now, she talks tough, she talks really tough against Putin and against Assad. She talks in favor of the rebels. She doesn't even know who the rebels are. You know, every time we take rebels, whether it's in Iraq or anywhere else, we're arming people. And you know what happens? They end up being worse than the people.Look at what she did in Libya with Gadhafi. Gadhafi's out. It's a mess. And, by the way, ISIS has a good chunk of their oil. I'm sure you probably have heard that. It was a disaster. Because the fact is, almost everything she's done in foreign policy has been a mistake and it's been a disaster.But if you look at Russia, just take a look at Russia, and look at what they did this week, where I agree, she wasn't there, but possibly she's consulted. We sign a peace treaty. Everyone's all excited. Well, what Russia did with Assad and, by the way, with Iran, who you made very powerful with the dumbest deal perhaps I've ever seen in the history of deal-making, the Iran deal, with the $150 billion, with the $1.7 billion in cash, which is enough to fill up this room.But look at that deal. Iran now and Russia are now against us. So she wants to fight. She wants to fight for rebels. There's only one problem. You don't even know who the rebels are. So what's the purpose?And one thing I have to say.I don't like Assad at all, but Assad is killing ISIS. Russia is killing ISIS. And Iran is killing ISIS. And those three have now lined up because of our weak foreign policy.OK. He and I haven't spoken, and I disagree. I disagree.I think you have to knock out ISIS. Right now, Syria is fighting ISIS. We have people that want to fight both at the same time. But Syria is no longer Syria. Syria is Russia and it's Iran, who she made strong and Kerry and Obama made into a very powerful nation and a very rich nation, very, very quickly, very, very quickly.I believe we have to get ISIS. We have to worry about ISIS before we can get too much more involved. She had a chance to do something with Syria. They had a chance. And that was the line. And she didn't.I think Aleppo is a disaster, humanitarian-wise.I think that it basically has fallen. OK? It basically has fallen. Let me tell you something. You take a look at Mosul. The biggest problem I have with the stupidity of our foreign policy, we have Mosul. They think a lot of the ISIS leaders are in Mosul. So we have announcements coming out of Washington and coming out of Iraq, we will be attacking Mosul in three weeks or four weeks.Well, all of these bad leaders from ISIS are leaving Mosul. Why can't they do it quietly? Why can't they do the attack, make it a sneak attack, and after the attack is made, inform the American public that we've knocked out the leaders, we've had a tremendous success? People leave. Why do they have to say we're going to be attacking Mosul within the next four to six weeks, which is what they're saying? How stupid is our country?I can't think of any. I can't think of any. And I'm pretty good at it.And we have General Flynn. And we have -- look, I have 200 generals and admirals who endorsed me. I have 21 Congressional Medal of Honor recipients who endorsed me. We talk about it all the time. They understand, why can't they do something secretively, where they go in and they knock out the leadership? How -- why would these people stay there? I've been reading now...... for weeks -- I've been reading now for weeks about Mosul, that it's the harbor of where -- you know, between Raqqa and Mosul, this is where they think the ISIS leaders are. Why would they be saying -- they're not staying there anymore. They're gone. Because everybody's talking about how Iraq, which is us with our leadership, goes in to fight Mosul.Now, with these 200 admirals and generals, they can't believe it. All I say is this. General George Patton, General Douglas MacArthur are spinning in their grave at the stupidity of what we're doing in the Middle East.Everything.You know what's funny? She went over a minute over, and you don't stop her. When I go one second over, it's like a big deal.It's really -- it's really very interesting.Absolutely. I mean, she calls our people deplorable, a large group, and irredeemable. I will be a president for all of our people. And I'll be a president that will turn our inner cities around and will give strength to people and will give economics to people and will bring jobs back.Because NAFTA, signed by her husband, is perhaps the greatest disaster trade deal in the history of the world. Not in this country. It stripped us of manufacturing jobs. We lost our jobs. We lost our money. We lost our plants. It is a disaster. And now she wants to sign TPP, even though she says now she's for it. She called it the gold standard. And by the way, at the last debate, she lied, because it turned out that she did say the gold standard and she said she didn't say it. They actually said that she lied. OK? And she lied. But she's lied about a lot of things.I would be a president for all of the people, African- Americans, the inner cities. Devastating what's happening to our inner cities. She's been talking about it for years. As usual, she talks about it, nothing happens. She doesn't get it done.Same with the Latino Americans, the Hispanic Americans. The same exact thing. They talk, they don't get it done. You go into the inner cities and -- you see it's 45 percent poverty. African- Americans now 45 percent poverty in the inner cities. The education is a disaster. Jobs are essentially nonexistent.I mean, it's -- you know, and I've been saying at big speeches where I have 20,000 and 30,000 people, what do you have to lose? It can't get any worse. And she's been talking about the inner cities for 25 years. Nothing's going to ever happen.Let me tell you, if she's president of the United States, nothing's going to happen. It's just going to be talk. And all of her friends, the taxes we were talking about, and I would just get it by osmosis. She's not doing any me favors. But by doing all the others' favors, she's doing me favors.But I will tell you, she's all talk. It doesn't get done. All you have to do is take a look at her Senate run. Take a look at upstate New York.It turned out to be a disaster.... but we believed that we could make the country better. And I was proud of that.We have a divided nation. We have a very divided nation. You look at Charlotte. You look at Baltimore. You look at the violence that's taking place in the inner cities, Chicago, you take a look at Washington, D.C.We have an increase in murder within our cities, the biggest in 45 years. We have a divided nation, because people like her -- and believe me, she has tremendous hate in her heart. And when she said deplorables, she meant it. And when she said irredeemable, they're irredeemable, you didn't mention that, but when she said they're irredeemable, to me that might have been even worse.She's got tremendous -- she's got tremendous hatred. And this country cannot take another four years of Barack Obama, and that's what you're getting with her.No, there wasn't check out a sex tape. It was just take a look at the person that she built up to be this wonderful Girl Scout who was no Girl Scout.By the way, just so you understand, when she said 3 o'clock in the morning, take a look at Benghazi. She said who is going to answer the call at 3 o'clock in the morning? Guess what? She didn't answer it, because when Ambassador Stevens...... 600 -- wait a minute, Anderson, 600 times. Well, she said she was awake at 3 o'clock in the morning, and she also sent a tweet out at 3 o'clock in the morning, but I won't even mention that. But she said she'll be awake. Who's going -- the famous thing, we're going to answer our call at 3 o'clock in the morning. Guess what happened? Ambassador Stevens -- Ambassador Stevens sent 600 requests for help. And the only one she talked to was Sidney Blumenthal, who's her friend and not a good guy, by the way. So, you know, she shouldn't be talking about that.Now, tweeting happens to be a modern day form of communication. I mean, you can like it or not like it. I have, between Facebook and Twitter, I have almost 25 million people. It's a very effective way of communication. So you can put it down, but it is a very effective form of communication. I'm not un-proud of it, to be honest with you.I'm shocked to hear that. [Laughter]We have the slowest growth since 1929.It is -- our country has the slowest growth and jobs are a disaster.Justice Scalia, great judge, died recently. And we have a vacancy. I am looking to appoint judges very much in the mold of Justice Scalia. I'm looking for judges -- and I've actually picked 20 of them so that people would see, highly respected, highly thought of, and actually very beautifully reviewed by just about everybody.But people that will respect the Constitution of the United States. And I think that this is so important. Also, the Second Amendment, which is totally under siege by people like Hillary Clinton. They'll respect the Second Amendment and what it stands for, what it represents. So important to me.Now, Hillary mentioned something about contributions just so you understand. So I will have in my race more than $100 million put in -- of my money, meaning I'm not taking all of this big money from all of these different corporations like she's doing. What I ask is this.So I'm putting in more than -- by the time it's finished, I'll have more than $100 million invested. Pretty much self-funding money. We're raising money for the Republican Party, and we're doing tremendously on the small donations, $61 average or so.I ask Hillary, why doesn't -- she made $250 million by being in office. She used the power of her office to make a lot of money. Why isn't she funding, not for $100 million, but why don't you put $10 million or $20 million or $25 million or $30 million into your own campaign?It's $30 million less for special interests that will tell you exactly what to do and it would really, I think, be a nice sign to the American public. Why aren't you putting some money in? You have a lot of it. You've made a lot of it because of the fact that you've been in office. Made a lot of it while you were secretary of state, actually. So why aren't you putting money into your own campaign? I'm just curious.Absolutely. I think it's such a great question, because energy is under siege by the Obama administration. Under absolutely siege. The EPA, Environmental Protection Agency, is killing these energy companies. And foreign companies are now coming in buying our -- buying so many of our different plants and then re-jiggering the plant so that they can take care of their oil.We are killing -- absolutely killing our energy business in this country. Now, I'm all for alternative forms of energy, including wind, including solar, et cetera. But we need much more than wind and solar.And you look at our miners. Hillary Clinton wants to put all the miners out of business. There is a thing called clean coal. Coal will last for 1,000 years in this country. Now we have natural gas and so many other things because of technology. We have unbelievable -- we have found over the last seven years, we have found tremendous wealth right under our feet. So good. Especially when you have $20 trillion in debt.I will bring our energy companies back. They'll be able to compete. They'll make money. They'll pay off our national debt. They'll pay off our tremendous budget deficits, which are tremendous. But we are putting our energy companies out of business. We have to bring back our workers.You take a look at what's happening to steel and the cost of steel and China dumping vast amounts of steel all over the United States, which essentially is killing our steelworkers and our steel companies. We have to guard our energy companies. We have to make it possible.The EPA is so restrictive that they are putting our energy companies out of business. And all you have to do is go to a great place like West Virginia or places like Ohio, which is phenomenal, or places like Pennsylvania and you see what they're doing to the people, miners and others in the energy business. It's a disgrace.It's an absolute disgrace.Well, I consider her statement about my children to be a very nice compliment. I don't know if it was meant to be a compliment, but it is a great -- I'm very proud of my children. And they've done a wonderful job, and they've been wonderful, wonderful kids. So I consider that a compliment.I will say this about Hillary. She doesn't quit. She doesn't give up. I respect that. I tell it like it is. She's a fighter. I disagree with much of what she's fighting for. I do disagree with her judgment in many cases. But she does fight hard, and she doesn't quit, and she doesn't give up. And I consider that to be a very good trait.Thank you, Lester. Our jobs are fleeing the country. They’re going to Mexico. They’re going to many other countries. You look at what China is doing to our country in terms of making our product. They’re devaluing their currency, and there’s nobody in our government to fight them. And we have a very good fight. And we have a winning fight. Because they’re using our country as a piggy bank to rebuild China, and many other countries are doing the same thing. So we’re losing our good jobs, so many of them.When you look at what’s happening in Mexico, a friend of mine who builds plants said it’s the eighth wonder of the world. They’re building some of the biggest plants anywhere in the world, some of the most sophisticated, some of the best plants. With the United States, as he said, not so much. So Ford is leaving. You see that, their small car division leaving. Thousands of jobs leaving Michigan, leaving Ohio. They’re all leaving. And we can’t allow it to happen anymore.As far as child care is concerned and so many other things, I think Hillary and I agree on that. We probably disagree a little bit as to numbers and amounts and what we’re going to do, but perhaps we’ll be talking about that later. But we have to stop our jobs from being stolen from us. We have to stop our companies from leaving the United States and, with it, firing all of their people. All you have to do is take a look at Carrier air conditioning in Indianapolis. They left — fired 1,400 people. They’re going to Mexico. So many hundreds and hundreds of companies are doing this. We cannot let it happen.Under my plan, I’ll be reducing taxes tremendously, from 35% to 15% for companies, small and big businesses. That’s going to be a job creator like we haven’t seen since Ronald Reagan. It’s going to be a beautiful thing to watch. Companies will come. They will build. They will expand. New companies will start. And I look very, very much forward to doing it. We have to renegotiate our trade deals, and we have to stop these countries from stealing our companies and our jobs.Well, for one thing — and before we start on that — my father gave me a very small loan in 1975, and I built it into a company that’s worth many, many billions of dollars, with some of the greatest assets in the world, and I say that only because that’s the kind of thinking that our country needs. Our country’s in deep trouble. We don’t know what we’re doing when it comes to devaluations and all of these countries all over the world, especially China. They’re the best, the best ever at it. What they’re doing to us is a very, very sad thing. So we have to do that.We have to renegotiate our trade deals. And, Lester, they’re taking our jobs, they’re giving incentives, they’re doing things that, frankly, we don’t do. Let me give you the example of Mexico. They have a VAT tax. We’re on a different system. When we sell into Mexico, there’s a tax. When they sell in — automatic, 16%, approximately. When they sell into us, there’s no tax. It’s a defective agreement. It’s been defective for a long time, many years, but the politicians haven’t done anything about it.Now, in all fairness to Secretary Clinton — yes, is that OK? Good. I want you to be very happy. It’s very important to me. But in all fairness to Secretary Clinton, when she started talking about this, it was really very recently. She’s been doing this for 30 years. And why hasn’t she made the agreements better? The NAFTA agreement is defective. Just because of the tax and many other reasons, but just because of the fact...Secretary Clinton and others, politicians, should have been doing this for years, not right now, because of the fact that we’ve created a movement. They should have been doing this for years. What’s happened to our jobs and our country and our economy generally is — look, we owe $20 trillion. We cannot do it any longer, Lester.Well, the first thing you do is don’t let the jobs leave. The companies are leaving. I could name, I mean, there are thousands of them. They’re leaving, and they’re leaving in bigger numbers than ever. And what you do is you say, fine, you want to go to Mexico or some other country, good luck. We wish you a lot of luck. But if you think you’re going to make your air conditioners or your cars or your cookies or whatever you make and bring them into our country without a tax, you’re wrong. And once you say you’re going to have to tax them coming in, and our politicians never do this, because they have special interests and the special interests want those companies to leave, because in many cases, they own the companies.So what I’m saying is, we can stop them from leaving. We have to stop them from leaving. And that’s a big, big factor.That’s called business, by the way.I did not. I did not. I do not say that.I do not say that.She talks about solar panels. We invested in a solar company, our country. That was a disaster. They lost plenty of money on that one. Now, look, I’m a great believer in all forms of energy, but we’re putting a lot of people out of work. Our energy policies are a disaster. Our country is losing so much in terms of energy, in terms of paying off our debt. You can’t do what you’re looking to do with $20 trillion in debt. The Obama administration, from the time they’ve come in, is over 230 years’ worth of debt, and he’s topped it. He’s doubled it in a course of almost eight years, seven-and-a-half years, to be semi-exact.So I will tell you this. We have to do a much better job at keeping our jobs. And we have to do a much better job at giving companies incentives to build new companies or to expand, because they’re not doing it. And all you have to do is look at Michigan and look at Ohio and look at all of these places where so many of their jobs and their companies are just leaving, they’re gone. And, Hillary, I’d just ask you this. You’ve been doing this for 30 years. Why are you just thinking about these solutions right now? For 30 years, you’ve been doing it, and now you’re just starting to think of solutions.I will bring — excuse me. I will bring back jobs. You can’t bring back jobs.Yeah, for 30 years.Well, he approved NAFTA...He approved NAFTA, which is the single worst trade deal ever approved in this country.But you haven’t done it in 30 years or 26 years or any number you want to...You haven’t done it. You haven’t done it.Excuse me.Your husband signed NAFTA, which was one of the worst things that ever happened to the manufacturing industry.You go to New England, you go to Ohio, Pennsylvania, you go anywhere you want, Secretary Clinton, and you will see devastation where manufacture is down 30%, 40%, sometimes 50%. NAFTA is the worst trade deal maybe ever signed anywhere, but certainly ever signed in this country. And now you want to approve Trans-Pacific Partnership. You were totally in favor of it. Then you heard what I was saying, how bad it is, and you said, I can’t win that debate. But you know that if you did win, you would approve that, and that will be almost as bad as NAFTA. Nothing will ever top NAFTA.You called it the gold standard. You called it the gold standard of trade deals. You said it’s the finest deal you’ve ever seen.And then you heard what I said about it, and all of a sudden you were against it.Not.So is it President Obama’s fault?Is it President Obama’s fault?Secretary, is it President Obama’s fault?Because he’s pushing it.But you have no plan.Secretary, you have no plan.That’s about all you’ve...You are going to approve one of the biggest tax cuts in history. You are going to approve one of the biggest tax increases in history. You are going to drive business out. Your regulations are a disaster, and you’re going to increase regulations all over the place. And by the way, my tax cut is the biggest since Ronald Reagan. I’m very proud of it. It will create tremendous numbers of new jobs. But regulations, you are going to regulate these businesses out of existence. When I go around — Lester, I tell you this, I’ve been all over. And when I go around, despite the tax cut, the thing — the things that business as in people like the most is the fact that I’m cutting regulation. You have regulations on top of regulations, and new companies cannot form and old companies are going out of business. And you want to increase the regulations and make them even worse. I’m going to cut regulations. I’m going to cut taxes big league, and you’re going to raise taxes big league, end of story.Facts.And take a look at mine, also, and you’ll see.Well, could I just finish — I think I...I think I should — you go to her website, and you take a look at her website.She’s going to raise taxes $1.3 trillion.And look at her website. You know what? It’s no difference than this. She’s telling us how to fight ISIS. Just go to her website. She tells you how to fight ISIS on her website. I don’t think General Douglas MacArthur would like that too much.No, no, you’re telling the enemy everything you want to do.See, you’re telling the enemy everything you want to do. No wonder you’ve been fighting — no wonder you’ve been fighting ISIS your entire adult life.Well, I’m really calling for major jobs, because the wealthy are going to create tremendous jobs. They’re going to expand their companies. They’re going to do a tremendous job. I’m getting rid of the carried interest provision. And if you really look, it’s not a tax — it’s really not a great thing for the wealthy. It’s a great thing for the middle class. It’s a great thing for companies to expand. And when these people are going to put billions and billions of dollars into companies, and when they’re going to bring $2.5 trillion back from overseas, where they can’t bring the money back, because politicians like Secretary Clinton won’t allow them to bring the money back, because the taxes are so onerous, and the bureaucratic red tape, so what — is so bad. So what they’re doing is they’re leaving our country, and they’re, believe it or not, leaving because taxes are too high and because some of them have lots of money outside of our country. And instead of bringing it back and putting the money to work, because they can’t work out a deal to — and everybody agrees it should be brought back. Instead of that, they’re leaving our country to get their money, because they can’t bring their money back into our country, because of bureaucratic red tape, because they can’t get together.Because we have — we have a president that can’t sit them around a table and get them to approve something. And here’s the thing. Republicans and Democrats agree that this should be done, $2.5 trillion. I happen to think it’s double that. It’s probably $5 trillion that we can’t bring into our country, Lester. And with a little leadership, you’d get it in here very quickly, and it could be put to use on the inner cities and lots of other things, and it would be beautiful. But we have no leadership. And honestly, that starts with Secretary Clinton.Why not?There’s nothing crazy about not letting our companies bring their money back into their country.Yes.Then you didn’t read it.Who gave it that name? The first I’ve — who gave it that name?How much? How much for my family?Lester, how much?Typical politician. All talk, no action. Sounds good, doesn’t work. Never going to happen. Our country is suffering because people like Secretary Clinton have made such bad decisions in terms of our jobs and in terms of what’s going on. Now, look, we have the worst revival of an economy since the Great Depression. And believe me: We’re in a bubble right now. And the only thing that looks good is the stock market, but if you raise interest rates even a little bit, that’s going to come crashing down. We are in a big, fat, ugly bubble. And we better be awfully careful. And we have a Fed that’s doing political things. This Janet Yellen of the Fed. The Fed is doing political — by keeping the interest rates at this level. And believe me: The day Obama goes off, and he leaves, and goes out to the golf course for the rest of his life to play golf, when they raise interest rates, you’re going to see some very bad things happen, because the Fed is not doing their job. The Fed is being more political than Secretary Clinton.I don’t mind releasing — I’m under a routine audit. And it’ll be released. And as soon as the audit’s finished, it will be released. But you will learn more about Donald Trump by going down to the federal elections, where I filed a 104-page essentially financial statement of sorts, the forms that they have. It shows income — in fact, the income — I just looked today — the income is filed at $694 million for this past year, $694 million. If you would have told me I was going to make that 15 or 20 years ago, I would have been very surprised. But that’s the kind of thinking that our country needs. When we have a country that’s doing so badly, that’s being ripped off by every single country in the world, it’s the kind of thinking that our country needs, because everybody — Lester, we have a trade deficit with all of the countries that we do business with, of almost $800 billion a year. You know what that is? That means, who’s negotiating these trade deals? We have people that are political hacks negotiating our trade deals.Excuse me.Well, I told you, I will release them as soon as the audit. Look, I’ve been under audit almost for 15 years. I know a lot of wealthy people that have never been audited. I said, do you get audited? I get audited almost every year. And in a way, I should be complaining. I’m not even complaining. I don’t mind it. It’s almost become a way of life. I get audited by the IRS. But other people don’t. I will say this. We have a situation in this country that has to be taken care of. I will release my tax returns — against my lawyer’s wishes — when she releases her 33,000 e-mails that have been deleted. As soon as she releases them, I will release. I will release my tax returns. And that’s against — my lawyers, they say, “Don’t do it.” I will tell you this. No — in fact, watching shows, they’re reading the papers. Almost every lawyer says, you don’t release your returns until the audit’s complete. When the audit’s complete, I’ll do it. But I would go against them if she releases her e-mails.It’s not negotiable, no. Let her release the e-mails. Why did she delete 33,000...That makes me smart.That’s for sure.That was more than a mistake. That was done purposely. OK? That was not a mistake. That was done purposely. When you have your staff taking the Fifth Amendment, taking the Fifth so they’re not prosecuted, when you have the man that set up the illegal server taking the Fifth, I think it’s disgraceful. And believe me, this country thinks it’s — really thinks it’s disgraceful, also.As far as my tax returns, you don’t learn that much from tax returns. That I can tell you. You learn a lot from financial disclosure. And you should go down and take a look at that. The other thing, I’m extremely underleveraged. The report that said $650 — which, by the way, a lot of friends of mine that know my business say, boy, that’s really not a lot of money. It’s not a lot of money relative to what I had. The buildings that were in question, they said in the same report, which was — actually, it wasn’t even a bad story, to be honest with you, but the buildings are worth $3.9 billion. And the $650 isn’t even on that. But it’s not $650. It’s much less than that. But I could give you a list of banks, I would — if that would help you, I would give you a list of banks. These are very fine institutions, very fine banks. I could do that very quickly. I am very underleveraged. I have a great company. I have a tremendous income. And the reason I say that is not in a braggadocios way. It’s because it’s about time that this country had somebody running it that has an idea about money. When we have $20 trillion in debt, and our country’s a mess, you know, it’s one thing to have $20 trillion in debt and our roads are good and our bridges are good and everything’s in great shape, our airports. Our airports are like from a third world country. You land at LaGuardia, you land at Kennedy, you land at LAX, you land at Newark, and you come in from Dubai and Qatar and you see these incredible — you come in from China, you see these incredible airports, and you land — we’ve become a third world country.So the worst of all things has happened. We owe $20 trillion, and we’re a mess. We haven’t even started. And we’ve spent $6 trillion in the Middle East, according to a report that I just saw. Whether it’s 6 or 5, but it looks like it’s 6, $6 trillion in the Middle East, we could have rebuilt our country twice. And it’s really a shame. And it’s politicians like Secretary Clinton that have caused this problem. Our country has tremendous problems. We’re a debtor nation. We’re a serious debtor nation. And we have a country that needs new roads, new tunnels, new bridges, new airports, new schools, new hospitals. And we don’t have the money, because it’s been squandered on so many of your ideas.It would be squandered, too, believe me.Maybe he didn’t do a good job and I was unsatisfied with his work...Which our country should do, too.Wrong. Wrong.So, yeah, I think — I do think it’s time. Look, it’s all words, it’s all sound bites. I built an unbelievable company. Some of the greatest assets anywhere in the world, real estate assets anywhere in the world, beyond the United States, in Europe, lots of different places. It’s an unbelievable company. But on occasion, four times, we used certain laws that are there. And when Secretary Clinton talks about people that didn’t get paid, first of all, they did get paid a lot, but taken advantage of the laws of the nation. Now, if you want to change the laws, you’ve been there a long time, change the laws. But I take advantage of the laws of the nation because I’m running a company. My obligation right now is to do well for myself, my family, my employees, for my companies. And that’s what I do. But what she doesn’t say is that tens of thousands of people that are unbelievably happy and that love me.I’ll give you an example. We’re just opening up on Pennsylvania Avenue right next to the White House, so if I don’t get there one way, I’m going to get to Pennsylvania Avenue another. But we’re opening the Old Post Office. Under budget, ahead of schedule, saved tremendous money. I’m a year ahead of schedule. And that’s what this country should be doing. We build roads and they cost two and three and four times what they’re supposed to cost. We buy products for our military and they come in at costs that are so far above what they were supposed to be, because we don’t have people that know what they’re doing. When we look at the budget, the budget is bad to a large extent because we have people that have no idea as to what to do and how to buy. The Trump International is way under budget and way ahead of schedule. And we should be able to do that for our country.Well, first of all, Secretary Clinton doesn’t want to use a couple of words, and that’s law and order. And we need law and order. If we don’t have it, we’re not going to have a country. And when I look at what’s going on in Charlotte, a city I love, a city where I have investments, when I look at what’s going on throughout various parts of our country, whether it’s — I mean, I can just keep naming them all day long — we need law and order in our country. I just got today the, as you know, the endorsement of the Fraternal Order of Police, we just — just came in. We have endorsements from, I think, almost every police group, very — I mean, a large percentage of them in the United States. We have a situation where we have our inner cities, African-Americans, Hispanics are living in hell because it’s so dangerous. You walk down the street, you get shot.In Chicago, they’ve had thousands of shootings, thousands since January 1st. Thousands of shootings. And I’m saying, where is this? Is this a war-torn country? What are we doing? And we have to stop the violence. We have to bring back law and order. In a place like Chicago, where thousands of people have been killed, thousands over the last number of years, in fact, almost 4,000 have been killed since Barack Obama became president, over — almost 4,000 people in Chicago have been killed. We have to bring back law and order. Now, whether or not in a place like Chicago you do stop and frisk, which worked very well, Mayor Giuliani is here, worked very well in New York. It brought the crime rate way down. But you take the gun away from criminals that shouldn’t be having it. We have gangs roaming the street. And in many cases, they’re illegally here, illegal immigrants. And they have guns. And they shoot people. And we have to be very strong. And we have to be very vigilant. We have to be — we have to know what we’re doing. Right now, our police, in many cases, are afraid to do anything. We have to protect our inner cities, because African-American communities are being decimated by crime, decimated.No, you’re wrong. It went before a judge, who was a very against-police judge. It was taken away from her. And our mayor, our new mayor, refused to go forward with the case. They would have won an appeal. If you look at it, throughout the country, there are many places where it’s allowed.No, the argument is that we have to take the guns away from these people that have them and they are bad people that shouldn’t have them. These are felons. These are people that are bad people that shouldn’t be — when you have 3,000 shootings in Chicago from January 1st, when you have 4,000 people killed in Chicago by guns, from the beginning of the presidency of Barack Obama, his hometown, you have to have stop-and-frisk. You need more police. You need a better community, you know, relation. You don’t have good community relations in Chicago. It’s terrible. I have property there. It’s terrible what’s going on in Chicago. But when you look — and Chicago’s not the only — you go to Ferguson, you go to so many different places. You need better relationships. I agree with Secretary Clinton on this. You need better relationships between the communities and the police, because in some cases, it’s not good.But you look at Dallas, where the relationships were really studied, the relationships were really a beautiful thing, and then five police officers were killed one night very violently. So there’s some bad things going on. Some really bad things.But we need — Lester, we need law and order. And we need law and order in the inner cities, because the people that are most affected by what’s happening are African-American and Hispanic people. And it’s very unfair to them what our politicians are allowing to happen.I’d like to respond to that.First of all, I agree, and a lot of people even within my own party want to give certain rights to people on watch lists and no-fly lists. I agree with you. When a person is on a watch list or a no-fly list, and I have the endorsement of the NRA, which I’m very proud of. These are very, very good people, and they’re protecting the Second Amendment. But I think we have to look very strongly at no-fly lists and watch lists. And when people are on there, even if they shouldn’t be on there, we’ll help them, we’ll help them legally, we’ll help them get off. But I tend to agree with that quite strongly.I do want to bring up the fact that you were the one that brought up the words super-predator about young black youth. And that’s a term that I think was a — it’s — it’s been horribly met, as you know. I think you’ve apologized for it. But I think it was a terrible thing to say. And when it comes to stop-and-frisk, you know, you’re talking about takes guns away. Well, I’m talking about taking guns away from gangs and people that use them. And I don’t think — I really don’t think you disagree with me on this, if you want to know the truth. I think maybe there’s a political reason why you can’t say it, but I really don’t believe — in New York City, stop-and-frisk, we had 2,200 murders, and stop-and-frisk brought it down to 500 murders. Five hundred murders is a lot of murders. It’s hard to believe, 500 is like supposed to be good? But we went from 2,200 to 500. And it was continued on by Mayor Bloomberg. And it was terminated by current mayor. But stop-and- frisk had a tremendous impact on the safety of New York City. Tremendous beyond belief. So when you say it has no impact, it really did. It had a very, very big impact.No, you’re wrong. You’re wrong.Murders are up. All right. You check it.I’d like to just respond, if I might.I’d just like to respond.I will. Look, the African-American community has been let down by our politicians. They talk good around election time, like right now, and after the election, they said, see ya later, I’ll see you in four years. The African-American community — because — look, the community within the inner cities has been so badly treated. They’ve been abused and used in order to get votes by Democrat politicians, because that’s what it is. They’ve controlled these communities for up to 100 years.And I will tell you, you look at the inner cities — and I left Detroit and I just left Philadelphia, and I just — you know, you’ve seen me, I’ve been all over the place. You decided to stay home, and that’s OK. But I will tell you, I’ve been all over. And I’ve met some of the greatest people I’ll ever meet within these communities. And they are very, very upset with what their politicians have told them and what their politicians have done.I’ll tell you very — well, just very simple to say. Sidney Blumenthal works for the campaign and close — very close friend of Secretary Clinton. And her campaign manager, Patti Doyle, went to — during the campaign, her campaign against President Obama, fought very hard. And you can go look it up, and you can check it out. And if you look at CNN this past week, Patti Solis Doyle was on Wolf Blitzer saying that this happened. Blumenthal sent McClatchy, highly respected reporter at McClatchy, to Kenya to find out about it. They were pressing it very hard. She failed to get the birth certificate. When I got involved, I didn’t fail. I got him to give the birth certificate. So I’m satisfied with it. And I’ll tell you why I’m satisfied with it.Because I want to get on to defeating ISIS, because I want to get on to creating jobs, because I want to get on to having a strong border, because I want to get on to things that are very important to me and that are very important to the country.Yeah.Well, nobody was pressing it, nobody was caring much about it. I figured you’d ask the question tonight, of course. But nobody was caring much about it. But I was the one that got him to produce the birth certificate. And I think I did a good job. Secretary Clinton also fought it. I mean, you know — now, everybody in mainstream is going to say, oh, that’s not true. Look, it’s true. Sidney Blumenthal sent a reporter – you just have to take a look at CNN, the last week, the interview with your former campaign manager. And she was involved. But just like she can’t bring back jobs, she can’t produce.Well, it was very — I say nothing. I say nothing, because I was able to get him to produce it. He should have produced it a long time before. I say nothing. But let me just tell you. When you talk about healing, I think that I’ve developed very very good relationships over the last little while with the African-American community. I think you can see that. And I feel that they really wanted me to come to that conclusion. And I think I did a great job and a great service not only for the country, but even for the president, in getting him to produce his birth certificate.I would love to respond. First of all, I got to watch in preparing for this some of your debates against Barack Obama. You treated him with terrible disrespect. And I watched the way you talk now about how lovely everything is and how wonderful you are. It doesn’t work that way. You were after him, you were trying to — you even sent out or your campaign sent out pictures of him in a certain garb, very famous pictures. I don’t think you can deny that. But just last week, your campaign manager said it was true. So when you tried to act holier than thou, it really doesn’t work. It really doesn’t.Now, as far as the lawsuit, yes, when I was very young, I went into my father’s company, had a real estate company in Brooklyn and Queens, and we, along with many, many other companies throughout the country — it was a federal lawsuit — were sued. We settled the suit with zero — with no admission of guilt. It was very easy to do. But they sued many people. I notice you bring that up a lot. And, you know, I also notice the very nasty commercials that you do on me in so many different ways, which I don’t do on you. Maybe I’m trying to save the money.But, frankly, I look — I look at that, and I say, isn’t that amazing? Because I settled that lawsuit with no admission of guilt, but that was a lawsuit brought against many real estate firms, and it’s just one of those things. I’ll go one step further. In Palm Beach, Florida, tough community, a brilliant community, a wealthy community, probably the wealthiest community there is in the world, I opened a club, and really got great credit for it. No discrimination against African-Americans, against Muslims, against anybody. And it’s a tremendously successful club. And I’m so glad I did it. And I have been given great credit for what I did. And I’m very, very proud of it. And that’s the way I feel. That is the true way I feel.I do want to say that I was just endorsed — and more are coming next week — it will be over 200 admirals, many of them here — admirals and generals endorsed me to lead this country. That just happened, and many more are coming. And I’m very proud of it. In addition, I was just endorsed by ICE. They’ve never endorsed anybody before on immigration. I was just endorsed by ICE. I was just recently endorsed — 16,500 Border Patrol agents. So when Secretary Clinton talks about this, I mean, I’ll take the admirals and I’ll take the generals any day over the political hacks that I see that have led our country so brilliantly over the last 10 years with their knowledge. OK? Because look at the mess that we’re in. Look at the mess that we’re in.As far as the cyber, I agree to parts of what Secretary Clinton said. We should be better than anybody else, and perhaps we’re not. I don’t think anybody knows it was Russia that broke into the DNC. She’s saying Russia, Russia, Russia, but I don’t — maybe it was. I mean, it could be Russia, but it could also be China. It could also be lots of other people. It also could be somebody sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds, OK? You don’t know who broke in to DNC. But what did we learn with DNC? We learned that Bernie Sanders was taken advantage of by your people, by Debbie Wasserman Schultz. Look what happened to her. But Bernie Sanders was taken advantage of. That’s what we learned.Now, whether that was Russia, whether that was China, whether it was another country, we don’t know, because the truth is, under President Obama we’ve lost control of things that we used to have control over. We came in with the Internet, we came up with the Internet, and I think Secretary Clinton and myself would agree very much, when you look at what ISIS is doing with the Internet, they’re beating us at our own game. ISIS. So we have to get very, very tough on cyber and cyber warfare. It is — it is a huge problem. I have a son. He’s 10 years old. He has computers. He is so good with these computers, it’s unbelievable. The security aspect of cyber is very, very tough. And maybe it’s hardly doable. But I will say, we are not doing the job we should be doing. But that’s true throughout our whole governmental society. We have so many things that we have to do better, Lester, and certainly cyber is one of them.Well, first I have to say one thing, very important. Secretary Clinton is talking about taking out ISIS. “We will take out ISIS.” Well, President Obama and Secretary Clinton created a vacuum the way they got out of Iraq, because they got out — what, they shouldn’t have been in, but once they got in, the way they got out was a disaster. And ISIS was formed. So she talks about taking them out. She’s been doing it a long time. She’s been trying to take them out for a long time. But they wouldn’t have even been formed if they left some troops behind, like 10,000 or maybe something more than that. And then you wouldn’t have had them.Or, as I’ve been saying for a long time, and I think you’ll agree, because I said it to you once, had we taken the oil — and we should have taken the oil — ISIS would not have been able to form either, because the oil was their primary source of income. And now they have the oil all over the place, including the oil — a lot of the oil in Libya, which was another one of her disasters.Wrong.Wrong. Wrong.Well, I have to respond.The secretary said very strongly about working with — we’ve been working with them for many years, and we have the greatest mess anyone’s ever seen. You look at the Middle East, it’s a total mess. Under your direction, to a large extent. But you look at the Middle East, you started the Iran deal, that’s another beauty where you have a country that was ready to fall, I mean, they were doing so badly. They were choking on the sanctions. And now they’re going to be actually probably a major power at some point pretty soon, the way they’re going.But when you look at NATO, I was asked on a major show, what do you think of NATO? And you have to understand, I’m a businessperson. I did really well. But I have common sense. And I said, well, I’ll tell you. I haven’t given lots of thought to NATO. But two things. Number one, the 28 countries of NATO, many of them aren’t paying their fair share. Number two — and that bothers me, because we should be asking — we’re defending them, and they should at least be paying us what they’re supposed to be paying by treaty and contract.And, number two, I said, and very strongly, NATO could be obsolete, because — and I was very strong on this, and it was actually covered very accurately in the New York Times, which is unusual for the New York Times, to be honest — but I said, they do not focus on terror. And I was very strong. And I said it numerous times. And about four months ago, I read on the front page of the Wall Street Journal that NATO is opening up a major terror division. And I think that’s great. And I think we should get — because we pay approximately 73% of the cost of NATO. It’s a lot of money to protect other people. But I’m all for NATO. But I said they have to focus on terror, also. And they’re going to do that. And that was — believe me — I’m sure I’m not going to get credit for it — but that was largely because of what I was saying and my criticism of NATO. I think we have to get NATO to go into the Middle East with us, in addition to surrounding nations, and we have to knock the hell out of ISIS, and we have to do it fast, when ISIS formed in this vacuum created by Barack Obama and Secretary Clinton. And believe me, you were the ones that took out the troops. Not only that, you named the day. They couldn’t believe it. They sat back probably and said, I can’t believe it. They said...No, wait a minute.When they formed, when they formed, this is something that never should have happened. It should have never happened. Now, you’re talking about taking out ISIS. But you were there, and you were secretary of state when it was a little infant. Now it’s in over 30 countries. And you’re going to stop them? I don’t think so.I did not support the war in Iraq.That is a mainstream media nonsense put out by her, because she — frankly, I think the best person in her campaign is mainstream media.Just — would you like to hear...Wait a minute. I was against the war in Iraq. Just so you put it out.The record does not show that.The record shows that I’m right. When I did an interview with Howard Stern, very lightly, first time anyone’s asked me that, I said, very lightly, I don’t know, maybe, who knows? Essentially. I then did an interview with Neil Cavuto. We talked about the economy is more important. I then spoke to Sean Hannity, which everybody refuses to call Sean Hannity. I had numerous conversations with Sean Hannity at Fox. And Sean Hannity said — and he called me the other day — and I spoke to him about it — he said you were totally against the war, because he was for the war.And when he — excuse me. And that was before the war started. Sean Hannity said very strongly to me and other people — he’s willing to say it, but nobody wants to call him. I was against the war. He said, you used to have fights with me, because Sean was in favor of the war. And I understand that side, also, not very much, because we should have never been there. But nobody called Sean Hannity. And then they did an article in a major magazine, shortly after the war started. I think in ’04. But they did an article which had me totally against the war in Iraq. And one of your compatriots said, you know, whether it was before or right after, Trump was definitely — because if you read this article, there’s no doubt. But if somebody — and I’ll ask the press — if somebody would call up Sean Hannity, this was before the war started. He and I used to have arguments about the war. I said, it’s a terrible and a stupid thing. It’s going to destabilize the Middle East. And that’s exactly what it’s done. It’s been a disaster.No, no. You didn’t hear what I said.Well, I have much better judgment than she does. There’s no question about that. I also have a much better temperament than she has, you know? I have a much better — she spent — let me tell you — she spent hundreds of millions of dollars on an advertising — you know, they get Madison Avenue into a room, they put names — oh, temperament, let’s go after — I think my strongest asset, maybe by far, is my temperament. I have a winning temperament. I know how to win. She does not have a...Wait. The AFL-CIO the other day, behind the blue screen, I don’t know who you were talking to, Secretary Clinton, but you were totally out of control. I said, there’s a person with a temperament that’s got a problem.That would not start a war.No, they were taunting us.Wrong.It’s lies.That line’s getting a little bit old, I must say. I would like to...It’s not an accurate one at all. It’s not an accurate one. So I just want to give a lot of things — and just to respond. I agree with her on one thing. The single greatest problem the world has is nuclear armament, nuclear weapons, not global warming, like you think and your — your president thinks. Nuclear is the single greatest threat. Just to go down the list, we defend Japan, we defend Germany, we defend South Korea, we defend Saudi Arabia, we defend countries. They do not pay us. But they should be paying us, because we are providing tremendous service and we’re losing a fortune. That’s why we’re losing — we’re losing — we lose on everything. I say, who makes these — we lose on everything. All I said, that it’s very possible that if they don’t pay a fair share, because this isn’t 40 years ago where we could do what we’re doing. We can’t defend Japan, a behemoth, selling us cars by the million...Well, wait, but it’s very important. All I said was, they may have to defend themselves or they have to help us out. We’re a country that owes $20 trillion. They have to help us out. As far as the nuclear is concerned, I agree. It is the single greatest threat that this country has.Well, I have to say that, you know, for what Secretary Clinton was saying about nuclear with Russia, she’s very cavalier in the way she talks about various countries. But Russia has been expanding their — they have a much newer capability than we do. We have not been updating from the new standpoint. I looked the other night. I was seeing B-52s, they’re old enough that your father, your grandfather could be flying them. We are not — we are not keeping up with other countries. I would like everybody to end it, just get rid of it. But I would certainly not do first strike. I think that once the nuclear alternative happens, it’s over. At the same time, we have to be prepared. I can’t take anything off the table. Because you look at some of these countries, you look at North Korea, we’re doing nothing there. China should solve that problem for us. China should go into North Korea. China is totally powerful as it relates to North Korea.And by the way, another one powerful is the worst deal I think I’ve ever seen negotiated that you started is the Iran deal. Iran is one of their biggest trading partners. Iran has power over North Korea. And when they made that horrible deal with Iran, they should have included the fact that they do something with respect to North Korea. And they should have done something with respect to Yemen and all these other places. And when asked to Secretary Kerry, why didn’t you do that? Why didn’t you add other things into the deal? One of the great giveaways of all time, of all time, including $400 million in cash. Nobody’s ever seen that before. That turned out to be wrong. It was actually $1.7 billion in cash, obviously, I guess for the hostages. It certainly looks that way.So you say to yourself, why didn’t they make the right deal? This is one of the worst deals ever made by any country in history. The deal with Iran will lead to nuclear problems. All they have to do is sit back 10 years, and they don’t have to do much.And they’re going to end up getting nuclear. I met with Bibi Netanyahu the other day. Believe me, he’s not a happy camper.Lester, one thing I’d like to say.I will go very quickly. But I will tell you that Hillary will tell you to go to her website and read all about how to defeat ISIS, which she could have defeated by never having it, you know, get going in the first place. Right now, it’s getting tougher and tougher to defeat them, because they’re in more and more places, more and more states, more and more nations.And it’s a big problem. And as far as Japan is concerned, I want to help all of our allies, but we are losing billions and billions of dollars. We cannot be the policemen of the world. We cannot protect countries all over the world...... where they’re not paying us what we need.And she doesn’t say that, because she’s got no business ability. We need heart. We need a lot of things. But you have to have some basic ability. And sadly, she doesn’t have that. All of the things that she’s talking about could have been taken care of during the last 10 years, let’s say, while she had great power. But they weren’t taken care of. And if she ever wins this race, they won’t be taken care of.She doesn’t have the look. She doesn’t have the stamina. I said she doesn’t have the stamina. And I don’t believe she does have the stamina. To be president of this country, you need tremendous stamina.You have — wait a minute. Wait a minute, Lester. You asked me a question. Did you ask me a question? You have to be able to negotiate our trade deals. You have to be able to negotiate, that’s right, with Japan, with Saudi Arabia. I mean, can you imagine, we’re defending Saudi Arabia? And with all of the money they have, we’re defending them, and they’re not paying? All you have to do is speak to them. Wait. You have so many different things you have to be able to do, and I don’t believe that Hillary has the stamina.The world — let me tell you. Let me tell you. Hillary has experience, but it’s bad experience. We have made so many bad deals during the last — so she’s got experience, that I agree. But it’s bad, bad experience. Whether it’s the Iran deal that you’re so in love with, where we gave them $150 billion back, whether it’s the Iran deal, whether it’s anything you can — name — you almost can’t name a good deal. I agree. She’s got experience, but it’s bad experience. And this country can’t afford to have another four years of that kind of experience.I never said that.I didn’t say that.Where did you find this? Where did you find this?Where did you find this?Oh, really?OK, good. Let me just tell you...You know, Hillary is hitting me with tremendous commercials. Some of it’s said in entertainment. Some of it’s said — somebody who’s been very vicious to me, Rosie O’Donnell, I said very tough things to her, and I think everybody would agree that she deserves it and nobody feels sorry for her. But you want to know the truth? I was going to say something...... extremely rough to Hillary, to her family, and I said to myself, “I can’t do it. I just can’t do it. It’s inappropriate. It’s not nice.” But she spent hundreds of millions of dollars on negative ads on me, many of which are absolutely untrue. They’re untrue. And they’re misrepresentations. And I will tell you this, Lester: It’s not nice. And I don’t deserve that. But it’s certainly not a nice thing that she’s done. It’s hundreds of millions of ads. And the only gratifying thing is, I saw the polls come in today, and with all of that money...$200 million is spent, and I’m either winning or tied, and I’ve spent practically nothing.I want to make America great again. We are a nation that is seriously troubled. We’re losing our jobs. People are pouring into our country. The other day, we were deporting 800 people. And perhaps they passed the wrong button, they pressed the wrong button, or perhaps worse than that, it was corruption, but these people that we were going to deport for good reason ended up becoming citizens. Ended up becoming citizens. And it was 800. And now it turns out it might be 1,800, and they don’t even know.Look, here’s the story. I want to make America great again. I’m going to be able to do it. I don’t believe Hillary will. The answer is, if she wins, I will absolutely support her.Thanks, Maria, for that introduction, and for the work you and your organization do to honor these stolen American lives -- and to advocate for justice on behalf of all American victims.I am honored to be here today and to shine a national spotlight on a group of victims who have been forced into the shadows. Your stories are not featured in the news, you have no demonstrators taking to the streets on your behalf, you have no special interests taking up your cause, and politicians ignore your cries for help. But I never will.I have met many incredible people during the course of this campaign. But nothing has moved me more deeply than the time I've spent with the families of the Remembrance Project, and the incredible strength and courage you've shown in your often lonely fight for justice.You are heroes. And your actions will help us to save the next thousand American citizens from losing their brothers, sisters, sons, daughters or parents.The most fundamental duty of government is to protect American lives. Anyone who fails to understand this is not fit to hold public office.Every day our border remains open, innocent Americans are needlessly victimized. Every day Sanctuary Cities are left in place, innocent Americans are put in harm's way. Every day we fail to enforce our laws is a day when a loving parent is at risk of losing their child.It's happening every single day.All across this country, dining room tables have an empty seat at the family dinner table, because our government abandoned its duty and failed to enforce the laws.There are a lot of numbers in the immigration debate. But let me give you the most important number of all. That most important number of all is the number of American lives it is acceptable to lose in the name of illegal immigration. Let me tell you what that number is: ZERO.Our nation should not accept one lost American life because our country failed to enforce its laws. What do you tell to the mother, who just buried her daughter, because someone was released at the border who should have been sent home?What do you tell to the young boy, who will grow up without a dad, because a criminal was deported five times but was allowed to keep coming back into the country?What do you tell the wife, who has lost her husband, because a Sanctuary City released an illegal immigrant from behind bars?This must end. And it must end right now. Not one more American life should be given up in the name of open borders.Just look at what's happened in the last few days.Last week it was reported that authorities detained an illegal immigrant in the Austin area who is responsible for nearly a dozen sexual assaults and had been previously deported five times within a three-year period.Earlier this week, in Kansas, a Sheriff's Department Master Deputy was killed, apparently by an illegal immigrant. The driver was previously arrested for a DUI in California in 2001 and for a traffic violation in Kansas in 2013. Deputy Collins was killed only hours after his daughter's fourth birthday.A few days ago, two correctional officers in California were critically wounded after being shot by an illegal immigrant who overstayed his visa. This individual had been convicted for child rape and was slated to be deported -- but his home country refused to take him back, so he was simply released. One of the victims has six children, is an Air Force Veteran, and a high school football coach -- the other victim is a mother and a grandmother.When Hillary Clinton was Secretary of State, the matter of this country refusing to take back their deported citizens came before Hillary Clinton's desk. But she failed to take forceful action, and ignored the federal law requiring her to suspend visas to countries that don't take back their citizens.According to a report from the Boston Globe, from the year 2008 through 2014, nearly 13,000 criminal aliens were released back into U.S. communities because their home countries would not take them back. Most of these 13,000 releases occurred on Hillary Clinton's watch -- she had the power and the duty to stop it cold and she didn't do it.Now, my opponent will never meet with you. She will never hear your stories. She will never share in your pain.She will only meet with the donors and the special interests and the open border advocates.Her plan calls for total amnesty in the first 100 days, which means Obamacare, Social Security and Medicare for illegal immigrants. Her plan calls for catch-and-release on the border. Sanctuary Cities. Ignoring visa overstays. Closing detention centers. And a virtual end to immigration enforcement in the United States of America.Hillary Clinton has even announced that she plans to go around Congress and implement amnesty by executive order -- violating our Constitution and putting the entire nation in grave peril.Hillary Clinton is the first person to ever run for the Presidency of a country effectively proposing to abolish the borders around that country.But the media doesn't want you to know any of that. So they'll never ask her any questions about her plan. Like how she'll afford to give lifetime welfare and entitlements to illegal immigrants, or how many people will be victimized because of the illegal immigrants that will be released from federal custody -- or at the border. She's not asked to explain what she'll say to the American workers who lose their jobs when she prints out millions of work permits for those here against the law.Your cause, and your stories, are ignored by our political establishment because they are determined to keep our border open at any cost. To them, your presence is just too inconvenient.But help is coming. On November 8th, we are going to win the White House and we are going to deliver justice for every American family and every American victim.Together, we will save American lives -- and prevent the next thousand American parents from suffering the same fate as the people in the room today.Since 2013 alone, the Obama Administration has allowed 300,000 criminal aliens to return back into U.S. communities -- these are individuals encountered or identified by ICE but who were not detained or processed for deportation.According to the federal government's own data, there are more than 2 million convicted criminal illegal immigrants inside the United States right now. However, this figure does not even include the many individuals who have committed crimes but escaped justice, fled the jurisdiction, or were otherwise never caught. Many crimes committed by people here illegally remain open cases.At the same time, hundreds of individuals who have been given visas and refugee admissions into this country have subsequently been charged with terrorism. We are admitting people here with no idea who they are or what they believe.Whether it's drugs, terrorism or violent crime, our government is utterly failing in its core mission to defend and protect the people of this country. The Border Patrol Agents, who endorsed me, warned that Hillary Clinton's plan would put the entire country in grave danger -- they called it radical, deeply dangerous, and warned it would trigger an unprecedented national crisis.Let's just remember our goal -- to prevent the next family from suffering the same terrible fate.That is what is at stake in this election.So I am now going to invite some of the bravest people I know to come up to the stage and speak.[INVITE FAMILIES TO SPEAK]These wounded American families have been alone. But they are alone no longer.I am here standing with you. The American people are here standing with you. And come November, your long awaited day of justice will finally arrive.Thank you. It is a great honor to be invited by you, Mr. President. A great, great honor. Thank you.We had a very substantive, direct, and constructive exchange of ideas over quite a period of time. I was straightforward in presenting my views about the impacts of current trade and immigration policies on the United States. As you know, I love the United States very much and we want to make sure that the people of the United States are very well protected. You equally expressed your feelings and your love for Mexico.The United States and Mexico share a 2,000 mile border, a half a trillion dollars in annual trade, and one million legal border crossings each and every day. We're united by our support of democracy, a great love for our people, and contributions of millions of Mexican-Americans to the United States. And I happen to have a tremendous feeling for Mexican-Americans not only in terms of friendships, but in terms of the tremendous numbers that I employ in the United States and they are amazing people. Amazing people.I have many friends, so many friends, and so many friends coming to Mexico and in Mexico. I'm proud to say how many people I employ and the United States first, second, and third generation Mexicans are just beyond reproach. Spectacular, spectacular, hard-working people. I have such great respect for them, and their strong values of family, faith, and community.We all share a common interest in keeping our hemisphere safe, prosperous, and free. No one wins in either country when human smugglers and drug traffickers prey on innocent people. When cartels commit acts of violence. When illegal weapons and cash flow from the United States into Mexico or when migrants from Central America make the dangerous trek, and it is very, very dangerous, into Mexico or the United States without legal authorization. I shared my strong view that NAFTA had been a far greater benefit to Mexico than it has been to the United States and that it must be improved upon to ensure that workers, and so important, in both countries, benefit from fair and reciprocal trade. I expressed that to the United States and that of the United States, that we must take action to stem this tremendous outflow of jobs from our country. It is happening every day, and is getting worse and worse and worse and we have to stop it.Prosperity and happiness in both countries will increase if we work together on the following five shared goals.Number one: ending illegal immigration. Not just between our two countries, but including the illegal immigration and migration from Central and South Americas, and from other regions that impact security and finances in both Mexico and the United States. This is a humanitarian disaster. The dangerous treks, the abuse by gangs and cartels, and the extreme physical dangers and it must be solved, it must be solved quickly. Not fair to the people anywhere worldwide you can truly say but certainly not fair to the people of Mexico or the people of the United States.Number two: having a secure border is a sovereign right, and mutually beneficial. We recognize and respect the right of either country to build a physical barrier or wall on any of its borders to stop the illegal movement of people, drugs, and weapons. Cooperation toward achieving the shared objective, and it will be shared, of safety for all citizens is paramount to both the United States and Mexico.Number three: dismantling drug cartels and ending the movement of illegal drugs, weapons, and funds across our border. This can only be done with cooperation, intelligence, and intelligence-sharing, and joint operations between our two countries. It's the only way it's going to happen.Improving NAFTA, number four. NAFTA is a 22-year old agreement that must be updated to reflect the realities of today. There are many improvements that can be made that would make both Mexico and the United States stronger and keep industry in our hemisphere. We have tremendous competition from China and from all over the world. Keep it in our hemisphere. Workers in both our countries need a pay raise very desperately. In the United States, it has been 18 years. 18 years and wages are going down. Improving pay standards, and working conditions, will create better results for all and all workers, in particular. There is a lot of value that can be created for both countries by working beautifully together and that, I am sure, will happen.Number five: keep manufacturing wealth in our hemisphere. When jobs leave Mexico, the U.S., or Central America, and go overseas, it increases poverty and pressure on social services as well as pressures on cross-border migration. Tremendous pressure. The bond between our two countries is deep and sincere. And both of our nations benefit from a close and honest relationship between our two governments. A strong, prosperous, and vibrant Mexico is in the best interest of the United States and will keep, and help keep for a long, long period of time America together. Both of our countries will work together for mutual good and, most importantly, for the mutual good of our people.Mr. President, I want to thank you. It has been a tremendous honor and I call you a friend. Thank you.Answer (DJT): Excellent. Excellent. I have tremendous respect for the President. We were together for quite some time and I think excellent. I was with, as you know, Senator Sessions and Mayor Giuliani and we had a tremendous, more than an hour.Answer (DJT): Say it, yes. No, not at all. Look, we want what is good for the United States and he wants what is good for Mexico. We realized from the beginning, its good for both of us, better for both of us actually. John?Answer (DJT): We didn't discuss that. We didn't discuss who pays for the wall. We didn't discuss.Answer (DJT): Well, I'll start. Nothing like an easy question like that. We discussed the wall, we did not discuss payment of the wall. That will be for a later date. This was a very preliminary meeting. I think it was an excellent meeting. We are, I think we're very well on our way. A lot of the things I said are very strong but we have to be strong. We have to say what is happening. There is crime as you know. There is a lot of crime and there is a lot problems, but I think together we will solve those problems. I really believe that the President and I will solve those problems. We will get them solved. Illegal immigration is a problem for Mexico as well as for us. Drugs are a tremendous problem for Mexico as well as us. I mean it's not a one way street. We will work together and we will get those problems solved.So, it's been 235 days since crooked Hillary Clinton has had a press conference. And you, as reporters who give her all of these glowing reports, should ask yourselves why. And I'll tell you why. Because despite the nice platitudes, she's been a mess.You look at what's happened with ISIS, which isn't even mentioned. You look at what's happening with law and order, they don't even mention our police. They mention everybody but our police. They don't have an American flag on the dais until we started complaining and then they ran up with two very small little flags, one that we saw.So you know, I put myself through your news conferences often, not that its fun. 235 days, no news conference for Hillary Clinton. You oughta check it out because there's a lot going on.Her great disloyalty to the person that rigged the system for her, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, she totally rigged it. Bernie Sanders never had a chance. And total disloyalty, it's like you're fired, get out, fast. The e-mail situation I call it the double e-mail situation, both very serious. What was said in the last ones to the DNC was horrible, absolutely horrible.If I would've used language like they used about religion, about race, about everything else that they discuss in those e-mails I would've had to run and hide and probably drop out of the race.With her, everything's just fine. So just ask yourself why she doesn't have news conferences. And honestly, the reason is because there's no way she can answer questions because the job she has done is so bad.When they talk about change, I noticed they have change. She's been there for 30 years. Thirty years. There's no change. It's going to be the same, it's going to be an extension of Obama. In my opinion, worse.She lied about TPP. She was for TPP, she saw me on television knocking the hell out of it because it's a horror show, it's going to kill all our jobs, it's going to be almost as bad as NAFTA, maybe worse which her husband signed, by the way, which destroyed this country, destroyed manufacturing in the United States.And I'll do something about it, that'll be so renegotiated. And by the way, yesterday for the first time she said she wants to renegotiate trade agreements. First time, yesterday. Well, because of me. She also saw me talking about TPP and currency manipulation and currency devaluation. And she heard it and she said wow, she can't win that subject in a debate.So all of a sudden she goes and she goes against TPP, her vice president is one of the biggest proponents of TPP and now he's going against it. And Bernie Sanders was right, he was against it.They will go for TPP and vote it in very shortly after the election if she wins, which for the sake of our country we all hope and I hope that she doesn't. They will vote it in -- just mark my words, hopefully we don't have to worry about it -- but she will vote.She'll change a comma, she'll change a paragraph of the 6,000 page document that nobody's even read on our side. Just so you understand, the other countries know every word, every paragraph, every sentence, every single comma and period.We don't even read it, our country. Because we're led by stupid people. so she saw me talking about TPP, she realized that she couldn't defend it, her special interests are pushing her hard because she's bought and sold by the special interests.They're pushing her very hard and so she said she's against it. The day she gets in -- which hopefully will never happen -- she will approve or shortly thereafter TPP. And that will be another disaster for job in our country, OK? So why don't we start off any questions? Yes, sir?It's just a total deflection, this whole thing with Russia. In fact, I saw her campaign manager I don't know his title, Mook. I saw him on television and they asked him about Russia and the hacking.By the way, they hacked -- they probably have her 33,000 e-mails. I hope they do. They probably have her 33,000 e-mails that she lost and deleted because you'd see some beauties there. So let's see.But I watched this guy Mook and he talked about we think it was Russia that hacked. Now, first of all was what was said on those that's so bad but he said I watched it. I think he was live. But he said we think it was Russia that hacked.And then he said -- and this is in person sitting and watching television as I've been doing -- and then he said could be Trump, yeah, yeah. Trump, Trump, oh yeah, Trump. He reminded me of John Lovitz for "Saturday Night Live" in the liar where he'd go yes, yes, I went to Harvard, Harvard, yes, yes. This is the guy, you have to see it. Yes, it could be Trump, yes, yes. So it is so farfetched. It's so ridiculous. Honestly I wish I had that power. I'd love to have that power but Russia has no respect for our country.And that's why -- if it is Russia, nobody even knows this, it's probably China, or it could be somebody sitting in his bed. But it shows how weak we are, it shows how disrespected we are. Total -- assuming it's Russia or China or one of the major countries and competitors, it's a total sign of disrespect for our country.Putin and the leaders throughout the world have no respect for our country anymore and they certainly have no respect for our leader. So I know nothing about it. It's one of the most farfetched I've ever heard. Yes, Jon?I never met Putin, I don't know who Putin is. He said one nice thing about me. He said I'm a genius. I said thank you very much to the newspaper and that was the end of it. I never met Putin.I would treat Vladimir Putin firmly but there's nothing that I can think of that I'd rather do than have Russia friendly as opposed to the way they are right now so that we can go and knock out ISIS together with other people and with other countries. Wouldn't it be nice if we actually got along with people, wouldn't it be nice if we actually got along, as an example, with Russia? I'm all for it and let's go get ISIS because we have to get ISIS and we have to get them fast.You saw what happened with the priest, it's only going to get worse. And Hillary Clinton wants to allow 550 percent more people from that region into our country and we have no idea who they are, where they come from, where their documentation is, it's only going to get worse and it's going to start getting bad in our country. We're letting people come in by the tens of thousands. You see what happened to the French priest.A friend of mine, he said he was going to France, like three, four months ago. I saw him yesterday. I said how'd you like France. He said I wouldn't go to France. I wouldn't go to France. Because France is no longer France. France is no longer France.They won't like me for saying that but you see what happened in Nice, you see what happened yesterday with the priest who was supposed to be a spectacular man. France is no longer France and this world better be very careful and they better get very tough and very smart and they'll never do it with Hillary Clinton.And by the way, in terms of change, she's been there for 30 years. She's been doing this for 30 years. What she's going to go all of sudden things are going to change? She's bought and sold 100 percent by special interests and lobbyists. Yes, Tom?None, none.Because it's under order. And I'll release them when the audits completed. Nobody would release when it's under -- I've had audits for 15 or 16 years. Every year I have a routine audit. I'm under audit, when the audits complete I'll release them. But zero, I mean I will tell you right now, zero, I have nothing to do with Russia, yes?I don't know, I don't know. It depends on the audit. It depends on the audit, not a big deal. By the way, just so you understand, I've released my papers, 104 pages of documents. I built an unbelievable company, tremendous cash, tremendous company with some of the great assets of the world.You've seen it. You were all very disappointed when you saw it actually but that's OK. Far, far great than anybody ever thought. I have a great company. I built an unbelievable company but if you look there you'll see there's nothing in Russia.And as far as the tax returns, as soon as the audits complete, like any lawyer would tell you, Greta Van Susteren she was going over it a while ago, she's a lawyer. She said well no lawyer would let somebody release a tax return when they're under audit. It's a routine audit. I've gone through audits, which I think is very unfair, for 15 years. I have friends that are very rich and never get audited. I'm audited every year. Maybe that's because of politics, who knows.I'm not going to tell Putin what to do. Why should I tell Putin what to do? He already did something today where he said don't blame them, essentially, for your incompetence. Let me tell you, it's not even about Russia or China or whoever it is that's doing the hacking.It was about the things that were said in those e-mails. They were terrible things, talking about Jewish, talking about race, talking about atheist, trying to pin labels on people -- what was said was a disgrace, and it was Debbie Wasserman Schultz, and believe me, as sure as you're sitting there, Hillary Clinton knew about it. She knew everything.Debbie Wasserman Schultz could not breathe without speaking and getting approval from Hillary Clinton. Couldn't breathe. And you saw that. It also showed that it was a fixed race, but I've been saying that long before I saw the e-mails. It was a rigged race. It was totally rigged.And Debbie Wasserman Schultz rigged it for Hillary Clinton, and the sad part is, Bernie Sanders has, to use an old word that I use on occasion, he's lost his energy. He wants to go home and go to sleep. But he's got a lot of people that walked out last night. Now, hundreds of people walked out of the Democrat Convention last night. I didn't even hear about it. Nobody showed it. I didn't see it on television. You people don't talk about it.The Republican Convention was incredible. I hear I had one of the biggest bounces in decades. Like, some people are saying nine points. In fact, a poll just came out ten minutes ago, "Los Angeles Times", Trump 47, Clinton 40. And the reason is that people are sick and tired of Hillary Clinton.Why do I have to get involved with Putin? I have nothing to do with Putin. I've never spoken to him. I don't know anything about him other than he will respect me. He doesn't respect our president. And if it is Russia -- which it's probably not, nobody knows who it is -- but if it is Russia, it's really bad for a different reason, because it shows how little respect they have for our country, when they would hack into a major party and get everything.But it would be interesting to see -- I will tell you this -- Russia, if you're listening, I hope you're able to find the 30,000 e-mails that are missing. I think you will probably be rewarded mightily by our press. Let's see if that happens. That'll be next. Yes, sir...OK. Sure. Two big questions. The minimum wage has to go up. People are -- at least $10, but it has to go up. But I think that states -- federal -- I think that states should really call the shot. As an example, I live in New York. It's very expensive in New York. You can't buy a hot dog for the money you're talking about. You go to other states and it's not expensive at all.Now what it does is puts New York at a disadvantage if the minimum wage is up, companies move out and things, bad things happen. At the same time, people have to be taken care of. But what I'm really going to do on the minimum wage -- but it has to go up.Now, Bernie Sanders lied. Bernie Sanders said in his speech the other day that Donald Trump wants the minimum wage to go below $7. I said, where did he come up with that one? That one is just like Joe Biden lied today. He said that Donald Trump wants to carpet bomb -- he was on television -- he said, Donald Trump wants to carpet bomb the enemy in the Middle East. Now, that was Ted Cruz that said that. That was not Donald Trump.I mean, he's not a very bright guy, but that was Ted Cruz that said it. And he said it with such surety -- Donald Trump wants to carpet bomb -- I never said I wanted to carpet bomb. That was Ted Cruz. You remember Ted Cruz said it? You will confirm that, I think. Go ahead.So I would like to raise it to at least $10, and what I'm going to do is I'm going to bring jobs back to this country so that people can start working again so that the $10 and the $15 and the numbers you're talking about are going to -- literally, they're going to be peanuts compared to what people can make in the country, because I'm going to bring jobs back from Mexico, which is booming, booming.I have a friend who builds plants and he's a great builder of plants and I was with him the other day -- great guy. He builds massive plants, for automobiles, for computers, for anything. That's what he does. I think he's the biggest, but certainly one of the biggest.And I said, how's it going? He said, unbelievable. Oh good, that's good news. The country's doing well. No, the country's not doing well, but Mexico is unbelievable. The plants I'm building in Mexico, I've never seen anything -- it's the eighth wonder of the world. And he's not happy. He's an American guy. He'd rather build them here. But he said it's unbelievable. That's what's happened to our country. Because we have leadership that doesn't know what they're doing.Yes we're going to be listing; yeah we're going to be giving a list of those territories. And if you come from those territories we have extreme vetting. And we're going to have extreme vetting anyway. Look we have people coming into this country who have very evil intentions. And we have people whether in San Bernardino or whether it's the World Trade Center or whether it's a lot of other things, and you look all over the world and you see what's happening.You look at Orlando, how bad was that? And that was horrible. That was going after the gay community it looks like. We can't let this happen. We cannot let this happen. We cannot let people come in.Now Hillary Clinton likes to up it. Her running mate Tim Kaine, who by the way did a terrible job in New Jersey. First act he did in New Jersey was ask for a $4 billion tax increase and he's not very popular in New Jersey. And he still isn't. What?I mean Virginia. The first thing he did, the first thing that Tim Kaine did, he asked for a $4 billion tax increase. And he's not very popular. So let me just tell you, and I went all over Virginia and I was there the other day. And I thought he'd be popular. He's not popular because he asked for tax increases. Big tax increases in Virginia. Big. And also the unemployment went up, I think it doubled or close to doubled during his tenure.But what he wanted to do is very strongly and he's on record, he wanted to have even more of the people from that region of the world come in than Hillary Clinton wants. And it's unacceptable. OK. Yes? [Inaudible]I saw that.Right.I do have a reaction to the prosecutor in Baltimore who indicted those police officers, I do. I think she ought to prosecute herself OK? That's my reaction. I think it was disgraceful what she did and the way she did it. And the news conference that she had where they were guilty before anybody even knew the facts. And I give a lot of respect and a lot of credit to those police officers who probably could have made a deal.I give a lot of respect, a lot of credit that they stuck it out. And you had victory after victory after victory. And she had no chance, don't forget she prosecuted the best case, what she thought was her best cases first. She should prosecute herself. She should be held accountable.Well, that was a bad case to prove it. That was a bad case. I mean if you're going to do that, it's OK because you have to, you know, there are times when police officers behave very badly. But you have to get the right time. This was not one of those times. And I think that she is a disgrace to the world of prosecutors for what she did. Yes ma'am?Yeah.I have a great relationship with Governor Pence. We spent the last three days together. He was absolutely my first choice and I never wavered despite the press. The press was saying, and it was interesting, I spoke to him at 11:05, him and his wife, and I told him that I was going to be choosing them if I'd be lucky enough for him to accept. And he accepted. And that was it. For me that was it.But right around that time you had the attack in Nice. And I was going to have a news conference either the following morning or the next day. And of course I had to delay the news conference because there was attack, a horrible attack, horrible. In France.And I delayed the news conference and everyone said, oh he's having second thoughts. I never had a second thought in my life. It was such a lie. I mean so many lies in the press. But it was such a lie. And he has been so great. Honestly he's been even better than I thought OK? Better.I think everything's is out of date. We have a whole new world. When I said that NATO, to Wolf Blitzer, is obsolete, I got attacked. Three days later people that study NATO said you know Trump is right. You know what? We have a lot of things that are out date because they're 20 and 30 and 40 years old.NATO, you know this isn't a country from 40 years ago. Today we have a different threat. We have a terror threat. And we have an ISIS threat. And by the way, ISIS isn't even mentioned. It's not even mentioned during the Democratic Convention. And everyone's talking about it. The reason they can't mention it is because they grew it. Go ahead.I would -- Katy, I would renegotiate so much of everything. I'm going to renegotiate our trade deals where we're losing with everybody, Katy. I'm going to renegotiate our military deals where we're protecting countries and they're not living up to the bargain. They're not living up to the bargain. And everyone agrees with me, except for the media.And the media never says that. I like NATO, just so you understand. I like NATO. I like the concept of NATO. It is somewhat outdated because it doesn't cover terror the way it should. I've been saying this for six months now. A couple of months ago, front page, Wall Street Journal, "We are going to cover terror," they announced somebody. I think NATO's great. But it's got to be modernized. And -- and countries that we're protecting have to pay what they're supposed to be paying.Yes?I am a person that believes in enhanced interrogation, yes. And by the way, it works.I'll tell you what. Let me say it once again. Let me say it once again. OK? Many countries, including the NATO countries, some of which I think you have five that are current that have paid what they owe. And they can afford to pay this. It's not like they can't afford it.They just see us as a soft touch. You know, in business we say somebody's a soft touch. I don't know if I've been called a soft touch, but maybe I have sometimes. But in business, they call them a soft touch. They haven't paid us. OK? I want them to pay.Excuse me. I'm not saying anything. I don't talk. I'm not like Obama where he tells you everything he's going to do -- we're going to go and do this; we're going to go and do that. I don't talk. But they're going to pay.No, no -- yeah, it sends a signal. You know what signal it says? It says we're going to pay. You know, somebody said, "but we have treaties." I said that's right. And in the treaties, they're supposed to pay. They're going to pay. And they will pay. They will pay. [Crosstalk] Yes?We're going to have a whole policy on that over the next three weeks. I'm going to be doing a big thing on that. [Crosstalk]Well, I've been doing very well with the Hispanic community. I mean, really well. I mean, the -- the poll numbers are going up very high. I think we had one recently 35 or 36. But I'm going to have a whole -- we're going to have a news conference on that over the next three weeks.So, and I want to just tell you because these polls cover it, so L.A. Times, 47-40; CNN, way up. They're all way up. Biggest -- they say the biggest bounce in memory. Because today I heard a dishonest guy on television say, "Well, Trump didn't get much of a bounce." So, you know, I have to at least say. Jeremy, go ahead.I don't think he respects Clinton. I don't think Putin has any respect whatsoever for Clinton. I think he does respect me. And I hope I get along great with him. It's possible that we won't, Jeremy. I hope that we get along great with Putin because it would be great to have Russia with a good relationship.Right now, we don't have a good relationship. Putin has said things over the last year that are really bad things. OK? He mentioned the "N" word one time. I was shocked to hear him mention the "N" word. You know what the "N" word is, right? He mentioned it. I was shocked.He has a total lack of respect for President Obama. Number one, he doesn't like him. And number two, he doesn't respect him. I think he's going to respect your president if I'm elected. And I hope he likes me. Yes? Yes, sir?Yes, sir. [Crosstalk] But let me finish with Jeremy. Go ahead.President Trump would be so much better for U.S.-Russian relations. You can't be worse. Hey look, when I was a young men studying history and studying all of these things that I've always found fascinating, one thing that I've always heard is you never want to do anything to unite Russia and China. Well, they're united now, in a true sense. They've never been closer. They're selling oil to China. We forced them into this position. [Crosstalk]No, wait a minute. [Crosstalk]No, I'm not going to be an adversary. No, not at all. I have tenants from China. I have the biggest bank in the world from China paying me rent. I mean, I have great relationships with China. I'm not blaming China for getting away with murder. I'm blaming our leadership is incompetent. We don't know what we're doing.I don't blame -- I respect China. Hey, if China can get away with trade deficits every year of hundreds of billions of dollars -- if they can get away with that, my hat's off to them.I have no problem with China. I have a problem with our incompetent leadership allowing that to happen. And I believe that Hillary Clinton is even more bought and paid for than Barack Obama. I think it will get worse. It's going to be four more years of Obama which is unacceptable to a lot of people, you see that. But I believe that Hillary Clinton will be worse, than Obama. Yes?That's right.That's right, I'm going to be doing something over the next four weeks, very much so.No, I'm prepared to say we're gonna have a great plan. One of the things I think because I've traveled all over the country and I'm going -- you know where I'm going, I guess you all know, I don't have to say.But I'm going to Toledo and I'm going to different places today and I've met so many people. This is such a great country, these are such great people. one of the saddest things I see are college students that work so hard, that go to colleges, good colleges, they're good students, they do a great job.Number one, they get out, they have no jobs. Because our jobs are going to Mexico, they're going to China, they're going to Japan, they're going all over the place. They're not coming here. Just like my friend who builds the plants but he doesn't build them here, much.And the saddest thing I see is these students are leveraged debt up to their -- up to their neck. They can't breathe, they're scared, they're so scared they have leveraged their entire life. They have loans.And I have to tell you, the colleges are viewing the students as just a con to it. Because the students get government money, passes through but the number gets higher and higher.Because college costs are out of control, because the colleges say what difference does it make? If you take a look at the salaries being paid, you take a look at what's going on with the colleges.Because all of this is a pass through and the students are a con to it. So the colleges are costing so much money. We are going to help the students. Maybe that doesn't fit beautifully within the Republican framework.But I told this during various times to lots of different people and nobody has a problem with it. We have to help our students. Our students are under tremendous pressure to a point where it's making them sick. Our students are under tremendous pressure, we have to help our students. And I'm going to have a plan over the next four weeks. [Crosstalk]Everything's on the table, you'll see. Everything -- it's a very important -- it's a very important subject. Yes, ma'am?I think my message is resonating because they have confidence on me at the border, if they don't want people pouring into our country. Likewise, they have confidence with me on ISIS, not only in terms of getting rid of them but also in terms of keeping them out of our country because I will not have people come into our country who want to do damage to our people.I think they have a lot of confidence in terms of my bringing back jobs because I see Carrier and I see Ford and I see all of these companies leaving and going to Mexico like there's nothing to it. And then they make their product, they sell it back to the United States, no tax, no nothing, we get nothing except unemployment.And I think people see that. I can tell you I mean I'm like a pollster myself when I'm in front of these massive audiences, one of the things that gets constantly -- you people know because you're there -- the biggest applause is a repeal and replacement of Obamacare.Because Obamacare is a disaster. In Texas, going through BlueCross/BlueShield they just announced a 60 percent increase. On November 1st, you're going to have new numbers come out for Obamacare, having to do with increases. President Obama is trying to get it moved to December. Because it is election-defying. It is going to be a massive number, the biggest number ever in our country's history for health care. It's going to be announced on November 1st.I just asked the press, don't let him do that. Obamacare is a disaster, people are dying with it. It's a disaster and everybody knows and it's going to fold, anyway. In '17 unfortunately -- if I'm president -- I mean I've got to take over this mess. It's going to fold, anyway. But repeal and replace Obamacare, people like it.They like the fact that I'm going to protect the Second Amendment, they like the fact that I'm going to rebuild our military which is very depleted. Those are the things that are resonating. And they don't feel Hillary Clinton can do it. John, go ahead, John.No, I have nothing to do with Russia, John. How many times do I have say that? Are you a smart man? I have nothing to with Russia, I have nothing to do with Russia. And even -- for anything. What do I have to do with Russia? You know the closest I came to Russia, I bought a house a number of years ago in Palm Beach, Florida.Palm Beach is a very expensive place. There was a man who went bankrupt and I bought the house for $40 million and I sold it to a Russian for $100 million including brokerage commissions. So I sold it. So I bought it for 40, I told it for 100 to a Russian. That was a number of years ago. I guess probably I sell condos to Russians, OK?Of course I can. I told you, other than normal stuff -- I buy a house if I sold it to a Russian. I have nothing to do with Russia. I said that Putin has much better leadership qualities than Obama, but who doesn't know that?Of course not. I own the Trump organization. Zero, zero. Go ahead.I am.I did.I did. Because I would love to see a woman become president of the United States. But she would be so wrong. And even women say that. Women don't like her. She would be so wrong. Look, Hillary Clinton is a disaster. She's been a disaster. And even the story told by her husband last night, he left out the most interesting chapter. I won't get into that.The chapter that I really waited for, because it was pretty boring, the chapter that I waited for, I never heard. And he left it out. Look, Hillary Clinton's a disaster. I'd love to see a woman become president and it'll happen, absolutely. But I think it would be bad for women if it were Hillary Clinton. Yes ma'am?Yes, I do.But I have spoken to about many times and I speak about it all the time and the police have to be very careful, they have to be very, very well trained. I speak about it all the time, in fact I mentioned the most recent death, excuse me, I mentioned the most recent deaths in Louisiana and in Minnesota.I speak about it all the time. It's a real problem because if the police do 100,000 great jobs and they have one, either a rogue policeman or a cop who was poorly trained or did a bad job, you see that incident on television for weeks. It's a real problem.You don't see the good work that they do but if they make one mistake out of 100,000, out of more than that, it's on television night after night after night. The police in this country do an amazing job but likewise I agree and I do mention that all the time. Yes, ma'am, go ahead.Oh, go ahead, go ahead.Yes.No, but they seem to be, if it's Russians. I have no idea. It's probably not Russia. Nobody knows if it's Russia. You know the sad thing is? That with the technology and the genius we have in this country, not in government unfortunately, but with the genius we have in government, we don't even know who took the Democratic National Committee e-mails. We don't even know who it is.I heard this morning, one report said they don't think it's Russia, they think it might be China. Another report said it might be just a hacker, some guy with a 200 I.Q. that can't get up in the morning, OK? Nobody knows. Honestly they have no idea if it's Russia. Might be Russia. But if it's any foreign country, it shows how little respect they have for the United States. Yes, ma'am.Yes.Well, and the biggest thing is number one we have to stop by keeping people out because these people, they've got something bad going on up there. That's something really bad going on. And then people in terms of Islam and radical Islamic terrorism, a term that our president refuses to use, I can't he's still not using it. He's still not using it. And she doesn't want to use it other than I forced her into maybe using it. She said she will use it but so far she didn't.She'll probably use it tonight. Like the American flags, as soon as we put out a thing they ran a couple of American flags up in the stage, it was a disgrace. You had a room with a massive stage without flags. I think this -- I think that the people in the community know what's going on.Whether it's in a mosque or whether it's in the community and they have to report these people.When you look at San Bernardino, people knew -- many people knew what was going on. They had bombs lying all over the floor. They had bombs on the floor. I mean, this isn't -- you walk into somebody's house, there are bombs lying on the floor -- I think there's a problem there. You got to report it.And by the way, David Hinckley should not have been freed, OK? David Hinckley was just released -- John Hinckley -- I think that John Hinckley -- excuse me, John Hinckley, should not have been freed. I just heard about it. [Crosstalk]That's up to the President. Let the President talk to them. Look, here's the problem. Here's the problem, Katy. Katy, here's the problem, very simple. He has no respect...Well, they probably have them. I'd like to have them released.No, it gives me no pause. If they have them, they have them. We might as well -- hey, you know what gives me more pause? That a person in our government, crooked Hillary Clinton -- here's what gives me pause. Be quiet. I know you want to save her. That a person in our government, Katy, would delete or get rid of 33,000 e- mails. That gives me a big problem. After she gets a subpoena! She gets subpoenaed, and she gets rid of 33,000 e-mails? That gives me a problem. Now, if Russia or China or any other country has those e-mails, I mean, to be honest with you, I'd love to see them. [Crosstalk]That's the most ridiculous conversation. He never had the -- Don Jr. told me -- let me just tell you. Let me save you a lot of boredom.Mike Pence will play a big role, but I just want to tell you about John Kasich. I never spoke to him about being vice president. We don't have good chemistry together. I have never spoken to him about being vice president. I would never pick him to be vice president. There was never a conversation, and he has a habit of doing things like this where he says things that may be a little bit shaky.He never spoke -- Don Jr. would never -- and that was so long ago, I didn't even know I was going to get the nomination at that point. Just so you understand, I would not have picked John Kasich, wouldn't be the right guy. I mean, for that to have gotten out, that was so ridiculous.And then, I was going to put him in charge of national and worldwide policy. So what's left for the president? I think you know me better than that. That was put out by him. He's a nice man, John Kasich, he's fine. He's fine. I would never have chosen him.Now, I did speak to various people and I actually got acceptances from many people. There are some people that called me that very much wanted to be vice president, but I picked a man that I have a lot of respect for and Mike Pence is doing a great job. Let me just explain -- I never asked John Kasich to be vice president, nor would I. And by the way, I'm leading in Ohio by three points.It probably has. It probably has. Our government is so weak on this stuff. It probably has. Possible. I mean, I have a lot of checks and balance. I have a good system, I guess. I'm not an e- mail person, myself. I don't believe in it, because I think it can be hacked, for one thing. But when I send an e-mail, I mean, if I send one, I send one almost never. I'm just not a believer in e-mail. A lot of people have taught me that, including Hillary. But honestly, it could be, maybe it's hacked. Who knows?Yes, but my message wasn't dark. My message was optimistic, because we're going to fix the problems. Go ahead.OK.No basis. No basis.Look, John, I didn't have to do this. When I did this, believe me -- you see this incredible resort. It's one of the great in the world. When I did this, I could be here enjoying myself. I don't have to be with you guys. I didn't need this. I have places that are the best in the world, OK. I could be doing other things. I'm doing this because we're going to make America great again.I'm doing this because when I looked at the Iran deal, which was incompetent -- when I looked at what's going on with jobs being torn out of our country and going to Mexico and China, what's happening with China. And with all of this, with ISIS, with our military being so badly depleted where we have old fighter jets. We have to take parts from museums and from graveyards. When I look at all this I say I sort of have to do it. You know this country's been great to me. I'm giving back. That's all.Now as far as running a campaign, I guess it's probably not typical. But they said that against, you know when I ran there was 17 people, a total of 17. Governors, Senators, Ben Carson who's a fantastic guy, capable people. Wait a minute. Everybody said, oh he can never win because look what he's doing. He's giving a talk to 5,000 people in New Hampshire instead of going to everybody's house and having dinner.And then I won New Hampshire. And then I won you know 38 or 39 states. And won by the way, not by a little bit. Won with the highest vote in the history of the Republican Party. So just...OK but John but the point is this, so it's a different kind of a campaign. But it's what I think is good. I think it's good. I think it's working here too.Well, when Joe Biden says that I want to firebomb the enemy, which was on television this morning, or carpet bomb. He used the term carpet bomb. When he makes the statement that Donald Trump wants to carpet bomb, I never said that. That was Ted Cruz that said that OK? That was Ted Cruz, wasn't me.When Sanders, and I think a lot of his people are going to come to me because of trade. But when Bernie Sanders makes a statement that I wanted to go lower than the minimum wage, lower, it's a lie. So I have a choice. All my people say don't respond to it, it doesn't matter. I say to me it does matter. It matters.When people tell lies, politicians who tell lies very well, that's what they do, that's why they're politicians. But when politicians tell lies, and I'm lucky in a sense because I have a big microphone. In other words I can say that Biden lied when he said that. Or I can say that I didn't say that, Bernie Sanders. And you guys know that I didn't. In fact he was criticized by people that fact check for saying it because I never said it.So it's nice to be able to, President Obama said a year-and-a- half ago, Donald Trump will never be president. Today on "The Today Show" he said, this is democracy. A little bit different. Little bit different. [Laughter] David, go ahead Dave.You'll have to see it in the polls David. You know what my positions are. You'll have to see it at the polls.Yeah go ahead. [Crosstalk]David my positions are down. You ask the question every single time. I give you an answer. My positions are down. Take a look. Go ahead.Yes I did.We wanted to, yeah, I don't know what he said. But we wanted... [Crosstalk] Excuse me, listen. We wanted to; we were doing Miss Universe 4 or 5 years ago in Russia. It was a tremendous success. Very, very successful. And there were developers in Russia that wanted to put a lot of money into developments in Russia. And they wanted us to do it. But it never worked out.Frankly I didn't want to do it for a couple of different reasons. But we had a major developer, particular, but numerous developers that wanted to develop property in Moscow and other places. But we decided not to do it. [Crosstalk]Yes ma'am go ahead.He did say that.Well, I just said sort of said that. He just said that. He said it this morning, anything's possible. I think I'm going to win. I think people are sick and tired of incompetence. They're sick and tired of having politicians leading them down the tubes. Whether it's taxes, whether it's debt, whether it's any one of 15 different things. And that's why. I mean I think I'll win the election. I think you'll see that in the polls. All right a few more questions. Go ahead John.I hope your arm's OK.Well, it's a tradition but I don't do things that are traditional. But I have great support from Israel. I will back Israel 100 percent. I would like to go there. But I have great relationships as you know, to the people in Israel. And by the way, Obama in my opinion is the single worst thing politically speaking that's ever happened to Israel. He has been a disaster for Israel. [Crosstalk]I don't know. I don't know. I haven't set my schedule yet. It could happen.No, I think we -- it's possible we have. But I'm not -- I'm only interested in winning. Once I win, I'll get along great with foreign leaders, but they won't be taking advantage. I mean, the problem we have with foreign leaders, whether it's China, Russia, or anybody, they don't respect our leadership. And certainly in the case of China, they take tremendous economic advantage of us -- tremendous, to a point that is hard to believe. I'll get along great with the leadership. And we'll do well. Yes, ma'am, in the back?No, no. Excuse me. In the back?We'll be looking at that. Yeah, we'll be looking. Go ahead.Federal.Right.I'm not making it a part. But at some point, maybe people will change their minds, but as of right now, I'm not making it a part. OK. [Crosstalk]Yes, ma'am? Go ahead.Who said that?Who?I think President Obama has been the most ignorant president in our history. His views of the world, as he says, don't jive. And the world is a mess. You look at what's happening with the migration, with Syria, with Libya, with Iraq, with everything he's touched.He has been a disaster as a president. He will go down as one of the worst presidents in the history of our country. It is a mess. And I believe that Hillary Clinton will be even worse. Go ahead.Oh, [Inaudible] just said that? Many polls show that you are winning? I can't believe it. Are you Katy Turek of NBC? It's a disguise. Go ahead. [Laughter]OK. Well, [Inaudible]. [Crosstalk]Sure. Well, you've been asking me a lot of questions for a lot of times. I've turned out to be right. I turned out to be right on NATO. After I said that on NATO, NATO changed their whole program because of me.Excuse me, Katy, Hillary Clinton said yesterday she's going to start renegotiating trade deals. She never said that in her life. She said it yesterday only because of me. I'm the one that's prepared. President Obama when he became president, he didn't know anything. This guy didn't know a thing. And honestly, today he knows less. Today, he knows less. He's done a terrible job. I think I'm very prepared.Now, with that being said, I've been a businessman all my life, but I've been watching it. I've been seeing it. I've been feeling. And as you know, I've been very much involved in politics from the other side. I understand politics or I guess I wouldn't be here. I mean, I beat a lot of very talented people.I do. I have great foreign advisers. And you have a list. And I gave you a list. And the other day, as an example, General Quinn and General Flynn, and we have so many -- we have so many. As an example, I had a meeting three or four days ago, and I'm going to do a report on it, with seven or eight very, very talented advisers.Now, with all of that being said, a lot of people want the people that are doing it now; people that have certain names. Look at the mess they've gotten us into. They said, "Have you spoken to so and so?" Well, I said, but he was in favor of the war in Iraq many years ago, which I was not in favor of. "Have you spoken to this one or that one?" I said, they were all -- look at the job they've done.So a lot of the people that you think are good because you know their name or because you see them on television, I don't think are good. Because look at the end result. The end result is our country is a mess. The Middle East has never been worse. Had we done nothing with the Middle East; had our presidents, with an "S," gone to the beach and relaxed, we'd be in better shape than we are right now. All right, Tom. A couple more. Go ahead, Tom.Yeah.Well, we'll have to see. I mean, that's my opinion. That's my opinion. We'll have to see. I have a real problem when Hillary Clinton, who gives open access to a phony server, is allowed to get these briefings. How does Hillary Clinton get a national security briefing when she's been probably hacked, when so much of her information, the director of the FBI said it was essentially negligent. It was negligent.Now why are they giving her briefings, why are these people with great knowledge of the inner workings of our country and our security, why are they giving Hillary Clinton briefings? Because it's going to get revealed. I mean her number one person, Huma Abedin, is married to Anthony Weiner, who's a sleazeball and a pervert. And I'm not saying that, I mean that's recorded history, right?I don't like Huma going home at night and telling Anthony Weiner all of these secrets, OK? So how can Hillary Clinton be briefed on this unbelievably delicate information when it was just proven that she lied and that her server shouldn't have had it and that they're missing 33,000 e-mails and that's just the beginning. So I don't think that I know at some point, they're going to be calling, they're going to want to brief me, but I'm not a talker about this stuff.I don't think that it's safe to have Hillary Clinton, in light of what just happened, and in light of what we just found out, I don't think it's safe to have Hillary Clinton be briefed on national security because the word will get out.No. He's not going to run for mayor. Oh, Don? He's not going to run for mayor. Don has no attention of running for mayor. But he did a great job the other night with his speech. Because he made a good speech, everyone says he should run for mayor. You know why? Because we have a Democratic mayor who's horrible, he's doing a horrible job, de Blasio. But Don is not going to run for -- he has no interest in running for mayor.Yes.Unbelievable what he said. I think it's disgraceful. Hillary Clinton, because of me, said that TPP is not going to happen. But we all know it is going to happen if she won. Terry McAuliffe said with a wink that if Hillary gets in, she's lying and it will happen. And there is nobody closer, I know this for a fact, there is nobody, including her own husband, closer to Hillary Clinton than Terry McAuliffe, OK? Go ahead.Oh I don't know what he said, Jon, I really -- Anthony Weiner's -- look, look, look -- Anthony Weiner is a proven loser. I mean the poor guy, he's locked up in a room. They lock him up in a room, they don't let him out. I don't know what Anthony -- my son doesn't want to run for mayor. He has no intention of running for mayor.And besides that, as a Republican, you have a very tiny sliver in Manhattan, as you know, and in that area. It's almost impossible for a Republican to win. So, and my son likes to win, but my son has no intention of running for mayor so let's just put that to bed. Go ahead.Yes, in [Inaudible] very sad. Not [Inaudible].Yes, I'm looking at it. I actually want to find out what causes it. It's a problem in many areas, OK? Yes, go ahead.Well, they shouted -- you know what was interesting. Yesterday I made a speech in front of the great veterans as you saw, and it was very well received, she was there the day before. And when I started talking about Hillary Clinton, the veterans who saw her 24 hours before, started screaming, "Lock her up! Lock her up! Lock her up." They also screamed that, as you know, during the speech I made. The big speech.And I said, "Don't do that." Now, I didn't do that for any reason. I really -- I didn't like it. And they stopped. Not one reporter said that I said that. They all said -- they started screaming "Lock her up! Lock her up." I said, "Don't do that." Nobody reported that I said that, because it's dishonest reporting. You do agree I said that, right?OK. Well, why didn't somebody report that?No, I think it's -- I think it's a shame that they said it, but a lot of people would say that should happen. OK, one more question, yes -- yes, ma'am, go ahead.Well, Doral is great. And Doral -- I think I have over 1,000 Hispanics working at Doral, and they're doing a great job.Yes, ma'am, in the yellow, go ahead. Yellow.Excuse me. Yellow.Who?No, I don't think it has any impact. He's been very bad -- her running mate has been very, very bad on employment. And all you have to do is go to Virginia and speak to the people of Virginia, he has been so bad. I figured when she chose him, he was very popular in Virginia. They don't like him. They don't like him. It has been very close races, and his polling is very bad.So, ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much. I think it's time for Hillary Clinton to do a news conference, because it's almost a year now and it would be interesting to see how she does. Thank you all very much.Might as well tell him to have a good time. He has done one bad job. OK, thank you, everybody.Thank you. Please sit down. Thank you. Thank you. Wow. Thank you very much. Hello? I'd like to begin by thanking the people of Montana, South Dakota, New Mexico, New Jersey, and California. We had some big, big days, and we have some big numbers coming in, very big numbers. I'm truly honored by your support.Together, we accomplished what nobody thought was absolutely possible. And you know what that is. We're only getting started, and it's gonna be beautiful. Remember that. Tonight, we close one chapter in history and we begin another. Our campaign received more primary votes than any GOP campaign in history.No matter who it is, no matter who they are, we received more votes. This is a great feeling. That's a great feeling.This is not a testament to me, but a testament to all of the people who believed real change, not Obama change, but real change is possible. You've given me the honor to lead the Republican party to victory this fall. I'm gonna do it. We're gonna do it, folks. We're gonna do it. I understand the responsibility of carrying the metal and I will never ever let you down, too much work, too many people, blood, sweat, and tears, never gonna let you down.I will make you proud of your party and our movement, and that's what it is, it's a movement. Now recent polls have shown that I'm beating Hillary Clinton, and with all of her many problems and the tremendous mistakes that she made and she has made tremendous mistakes, we expect our lead to continue to grow and grow substantial.To everyone who voted for me throughout this campaign, I wanna thank you, I wanna thank you very, very much. To those who voted for someone else in either party, I will work hard to earn your support and I will work very hard to earn that support. To all of those Bernie Sanders voters, who have been left out in the cold by a rigged system of super delegates, we welcome you with open arms.Believe me.And by the way, the terrible trade deals that Bernie was so vehemently against, and he's right on that, will be taken care of far better than anyone ever thought possible and that's what I do. We are going to have fantastic trade deals. We're going to start making money and bringing in jobs.Now I know some people say, I'm too much of a fighter. My preference is always peace, however, and I've shown that. I've shown that for a long time. I've built an extraordinary business on relationships and deals that benefit all parties involved, always. My goal is always, again, to bring people together.But if I'm forced to fight for something I really care about, I will never ever back down and our country will never ever back down.Thank you. I fought for my family, I fought for my business, I fought for my employees, and now I'm going to fight for you, the American people, like nobody has ever fought before. And I'm not a politician fighting. I'm me. You're gonna see some real good things happen.Just remember this, I'm going to be your champion. I'm going to be America's champion. Because you see this election isn't about Republican or Democrat. It's about who runs this country, the special interests or the people, and I mean the American people.Every election year, politicians promise change. Obama promised change, and it didn't work out too well. And every year, they fail to deliver. Why would politicians wanna change a system that's totally rigged in order to keep them in power? That's what they're doing, folks. Why would politicians wanna change a system that's made them and their friends very, very wealthy?I beat a rigged system by winning with overwhelming support, the only way you could have done, landslides all over the country, with every demographic on track to win 37 primary caucus victories in a field that began with 17 very talented people. After years of disappointment, there's one thing we all have learned.We can't fix the rigged system by relying on very -- and I mean this so, so strongly, on the very people who rigged it, and they rigged it and do not ever think anything differently. We can't solve our problems by counting on the politicians who created our problems. The Clintons have turned the politics of personal enrichment into an artform for themselves.They've made hundreds of millions of dollars selling access, selling favors, selling government contracts, and I mean hundreds of millions of dollars. Secretary Clinton even did all of the work on a totally illegal private server, something that how she's getting away with is, folks, nobody understands, designed to keep her corrupt dealings out of the public record, putting the security of the entire country at risk and a president in a corrupt system is totally protecting her.Not right.I am going to give a major speech on probably Monday of next week, and we're gonna be discussing all of the things that have taken place with the Clintons. I think you're gonna find it very informative and very, very interesting. I wonder if the press will want to attend, who knows.Hillary Clinton turned the State Department into her private hedge fund. The Russians, the Saudis, the Chinese, all gave money to Bill and Hillary and got favorable treatment in return. It's a sad day in America when foreign governments with deep pockets have more influence in our own country than our great citizens.I didn't need to do this. It's not easy, believe me. I didn't need to do it. But I felt I had to give back to our wonderful country, which has been so good to me and to my family.I've traveled to many of our states and seen the suffering in people's eyes. I visited communities in New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Indiana and Ohio, whose manufacturing jobs -- they literally -- these jobs have virtually disappeared, an embarrassment to our country and it's horrible. I've embraced the victims of illegal immigration, moms and dads who have had to bury their own children because of people that shouldn't have been in the country.Remember it, folks. Remember it.I visited the crumbling cities and the struggling schools. I've seen our dilapidated airports, highways, bridges. And I've compared them to other countries where we see facilities so far superior to ours, it's really not to be believed. Hard to imagine what's happened to our country.America is getting taken apart piece by piece of -- auctioned often and just rapidly, auctioned off to the highest bidder. We're broke. We're broke. We are $19 trillion going quickly to $21 trillion. Our infrastructure is a disaster. Our schools are failing. Crime is rising. People are scared. The last thing we need is Hillary Clinton in the White House or an extension of the Obama disaster.What a crowd. What a crowd. Thank you all very much. We love our country. We love our country. But we can turn this all around. We're going to do it by putting America first. That commitment is the foundation for change that's been missing and has been missing for a long time. It's important to understand what America first means.It means on foreign policy, we will never enter into any conflict unless it makes us safer as a nation. It has to make us safer as a nation.This is the opposite of Hillary's foreign policy, which invaded Libya, destabilized Iraq, unleashed Isis and threw Syria into chaos, and created the mass migration, which is wreaking havoc all over the world. And while putting Iran on the path to nuclear weapons and making them a dominant power in the Middle East, and they are dominant and we have made them that way folks.We have made them that way. Better hope I'm president.On trade, America first means the American worker will have his or her job protected from unfair foreign competition. What's happening there is absolutely a disgrace. No PPP. You're right about that. So -- and you mean no PP. We are going -- and remember this. We are only going to have great trade deals, OK? We are only going to have that.We're not going to approve as somebody just said, the trans-pacific partnership, which is a disaster, a disaster for our country, almost as bad as NAFTA, signed by Bill Clinton, which has just stripped our country of our factories and our manufacturing and moved them to other places, in particular, Mexico.If it's not a great deal for our country, we will not sign it. It's got to be great for our country, for our community, for everybody in here because believe me we are all suffering and we're suffering big league and it's getting worse. On energy policy, America first means opening up America's great potential to bring wealth and prosperity to our own workers, including our wonderful and hardworking miners who have been absolutely, totally mistreated by this administration.On economic policy, America first means having tax and regulatory policies that keep jobs and wealth in the United States, substantially lowering taxes for middle-class Americans and businesses, likewise regulation, which is strangling our economy which would be brought down from its present insane level.We will make it very very good for our companies, for our small businesses and for people that wanna survive and do well in our country.On immigration policy, America first means protecting the jobs, wages and security of American workers, whether first or 10th generation. No matter who you are, we're gonna protect your job because let me tell you our jobs are being stripped from our country like we're babies. The beauty of America first is that it brings us all together.Every American worker of every background is entitled to the same benefits, protections and the rights and privileges. It's got to be that way.Now the people in charge say things can't change. I'm here today to tell you that we have to change. We have no choice. We have to change. We're going to put -- thank you. We're going to put America back to work. We're gonna make our own products. We're gonna put America back to work.We're going to rebuild our inner cities, which are absolutely a shame and so sad. We're gonna take care of our African-American people that have been mistreated for so long. We're going to make you and your family safe, secure and prosperous, prosperous again. Together, we will put the American people first again, first again.We will make our communities wealthy. We will make our cities safe again. We will make our country strong again. Ladies and gentlemen, we will make America great again. Remember. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.Thank you very much. This has been a great period of time. It's been really, as George said, amazing. We -- We've got the nomination, we're going to have an -- we're gonna have an incredible period in Cleveland. We look forward to it. We've started working already on the convention, and LeBron, good luck in the series because we're gonna have a series, which of course the longer it goes the less time we have but that's OK, and it's going to be very interesting to see what happens.But as you know their paying -- playing the basketball championships partially in that arena so I think it will be very excited, it'll add to the excitement in Cleveland and that's good. That's what we want. Because it's going to be an exciting period of time. We have -- we've done some awfully good work I was just informed, was certified out that we've got more votes than anybody in the history of the Republican primers and we still have I guess six or seven locations to go, states to go, and in the history, think of it, in the history of this great party, we've gotten substantially more votes than anybody else by millions, by many millions more than anybody who's ever run.So that's a great -- you know when you think Dwight Eisenhower and Ronald Reagan and everybody. We have the most votes by far. So, that's something to me. That's very exciting and overall it's just been a very exciting process I think we're going to do very well we have no idea what's going to happen on the Democrat side but they certainly having difficulty.I don't like to see people having difficulty but anybody has to have it let it be them and I think it's going to be very interesting but I'm very proud to say that we've got the most votes and also if you look at the overall primary the amount of votes cast that's also a record. So we broke it a lot of records in terms of the voters are polling has come out in the polls are doing very well as you know we're pretty much even and in some cases ahead of Hillary and I think we're gonna have a very, very successful number of months and I think it will all culminate in November and we're going to make America great again.OK. So that's the way it is. Does anybody have any questions? Yes. Yes.Yeah. OK. OK. I'm glad you asked the question because I have to tell you, I have raised a tremendous amount of money for the vets, almost $6 million and more money is going to come in, I believe over the next little while, too but I've raised almost $6 million. All of the money has been paid out and I'm going to give it to you in a second.In fact, I brought a list just in case that question was asked but the money has been paid out. I have been thanked by so many veterans groups throughout the United States. One gentleman called me up recently crying that out of the blue he got a check for a hundred thousand dollars. But I have been thanked by so many groups, great veterans groups, and by the way, outside you have a few people, they're picketing.They are sent there by Hillary Clinton and they're picketing that the money wasn't sent. The money has all been sent. I wanted to keep it private if we could. I wanted to keep it private because I don't think it's anybody's business if I want to send money to the vets. But I have to say this, I raised close to $6 million.It'll probably be over that amount when it's all said and done but as of this moment it's $5.6 million when it started. It started with a speech in Iowa when I said let's raise some money for the vets and it went up from a million dollars to $2 million to $3 million and it now ends up to be almost $6 million and again I think we can even do better than that.But I will say that the press should be ashamed of themselves and on behalf of the vets, the press should be ashamed of themselves. They are calling me and they are furious because I sent people checks of a lot of money and we're going to give you the names right now which is what you want. And instead of being like "Thank you very much, Mr. Trump" or "Trump did a good job", everyone said: "Who got it? Who got it? Who got it?" and you make me look very bad.I have never received such bad publicity for doing such a good job. So I will give you the names if that's what you want. Right? OK. Are you ready? I brought them here. It takes -- because you have to vet each cup. You know much of this money was paid out very early but you have to vet all of these different groups because these are many different groups.You have to go through a process when you send checks for hundreds of thousands of dollars to people and to companies and to groups that you've never heard of, charitable organizations, you have to vet it. You send people out you do a lot of work. Now most of the money went out quite a while ago some of it went out more recently but all of this has gone out and I'll give you the names.Are you ready? Do you have your pen? And again, I -- I really think the press -- Look, the media you know, my opinion of the media is very low. I think the media is frankly made up of people that in many cases not in all cases are not good people but I think this is an example and I just -- on behalf of all of the folks that have worked hard on this and all of the people that have made contributions including myself.I gave a million dollars but I just want to tell you that there are so many people that are so thankful for what we did. One other thing that's important to know. It's zero $0 have been taken out for administration. You know when you go to a lot of these different groups in this case $0 have been taken out for administration.So a lot of these companies that make a lot of money with doing the administration stuff. So no money. It costs zero dollars to accumulate all of these money. OK, so you have 22 kill and that's $200,000. Now you can call these people. That was another thing, a lot of the money when it was sent out to different people would call.I could tell you I'm not going to mention anybody specifically but there are a couple of people that were really disgusting. They call and these vet groups they don't get a lot of calls from the press and maybe some of them would keep quiet or they didn't know where they didn't want to talk to the press or they didn't feel comfortable.So if they didn't say they got the money, which they all did. A hundred percent got the money. Well, certified checks, if anyone wants to see the certified checks but rather than saying," Why don't you?" could I see a certified check. They said well they didn't say they got the money. They all got the money.But there are people that always talk to the press. Many of them to talk to the press. Many of them have I guess you found $2 million or two and a half million dollars with it talk. Well the number is 5.6 million and it's going to possibly go above that because I believe some other people are coming in. Ready?22 kill got $200,000. Now these are checks that have been delivered that have been cashed that are now being used to help the vets. Achilles International, great organization, $200,000. Much of this money was paid a long time ago. American Hero Adventures, $100,000. Americans for Equal Living, $100,000. America's Vet Dogs, The Veteran K9 Corps Inc, $75,000. Am Vets, $75,000. Just yet so you understand.When I didn't do the Fox debate the One Fox debate. 'Cause I didn't think that you'd be right but actually they've been extremely fair over the last three or four months, I have to say that about Fox. But when I didn't do that one event, the debate, I gave a speech. I didn't have to do this with the money for the vets but I decided to because I thought it would be a good idea and add some very generous people.Carl Icahn gave a half a million dollars; Phil Ruffin gave a million; Stewart Rahr gave a million; Ike Perlmutter gave a million. There is a lot of money and I didn't have to do that. It would have been easier just to give the speech and the problem with the press what they do is they convince people like me not to do it not to give money to different things because it's a lot easier actually that way.Armed Services, YMCA of the United States, $ 75,000. Bob Woodruff Family Foundation Inc, they do a good job, $75,000. Central Iowa Shelter and Services, these are all vet-relate, $100,000. Connected Warriors Inc., $75,000. Disabled American Veterans Charitable Service Trust, $115,000. Fisher House Foundation, great people, $115,000. Folds of Honor Foundation, $200,000. Foundation for American Veterans, $75,000. Freedom Alliance, $75,000. Green Beret Foundation, $350,000. Hire Heroes USA, $75,000. Homes for Our Troops, $50,000. And just say understand got a long way to go. This money was raised during a little speech that I made rather than doing a debate.The one debate I missed. It was the lowest rated debate, by the way, but I won't say that. Honoring America's Warriors, $100,000. Hope for the Warriors, $65,000. Intrepid Fallen Heroes Fund, $175,000. Canines for Warriors, $50,000. Liberty House, $100,000. Marine Corps Law Enforcement Foundation, $1,100,000. I gave a million dollars to them, a great group.Navy SEAL Foundation, $465,000. Navy Marine Corps Relief Society, $75,000. New England Wounded Veterans Inc, $75,000. Operation Homefront, $65,000. Partners for Patriots $100,000. Project for Patriots, and we're still getting them by the way. The check is ready to go but they don't have all of their appropriations.In fact, we have down here will be released to them upon the receipt of the IRS determination letter. It's the only one, which we hear they're fantastic but they have to give us that final document. It is what I mean by vetting, you have to have all the documents, otherwise you can't give them the money.Project for Patriots, $100,000. Puppy Jake Foundation, $100,000. Racing for Heroes Inc., $200,000. Support Siouxland Soldiers, $100,000. Task Force Dagger Foundation, $50,000. The Mission Continues, $75,000. The National Military Family Association Inc, $75,000. Veterans Airlift Command, $100,000. Veterans Count, $25,000. Veterans in Command Inc., $150,000. Vietnam Veterans Work Shopping, $75,000. Warriors for Freedom Foundation, $50,000. And I believe we're gonna have some more coming in some friends of mine, some more coming in, and that adds up to 6 million.Well, let's see that is up to $5,600,000 total and we're gonna have some more coming in so that's it. Now, thank you, thank you. Every one of those checks has been passed other than the one check, which is being held subject to their getting a final approval from the government but every one of those checks has been passed.This is my check, $4 million. We have many letters from the different groups, [Inaudible] very much for the money and they didn't ask and I didn't ask people to be here today. I could invest every one of the groups unlike Hillary who asked people to stand outside and say, "Oh, Donald Trump didn't give the money." Nobody gave this kind of money so I gave $5,600,000. More is coming in probably tops of six-million-dollar number.I never thought we can raise a million dollars when we started and we end up doing a five -- almost $6 million, so I have to tell you, the press is so dishonest and so unfair. A lot of the people behind me and some of the people over here helped inventing the various requests for money and I just want to thank all of those people.Yes. Yeah.Yeah. I wasn't too involved in picking the organizations other than I gave a million dollars to the marine, to the law enforcement marine. They are fabulous people. They honored me last year at the Waldorf Astoria. I knew them. I was going to give it to three companies or three groups and we couldn't get them quickly and so I gave it to the marine and if you look at that number the Marine Corps Law Enforcement Foundation has -- is a fabulous group and I didn't have to go through a big vetting process with them because I was going to split the million-dollar check up among three or four different groups and in the end I just didn't want to go through the process of having to beg all those different groups.Because I wanted to make this out of the goodness of my heart. I didn't want to do this with the presses all involved and all of a sudden everybody's going where to go who did it go - then we said who went to that we said how much was it. I -- we gave -- ah, fuck look when this started I think you were there.I said we could raise a million dollars that would be good and we ended up raising on my six million and I'm going to have more coming in over a period of time.Ah, I'm totally accountable but I didn't want to have credit for now. Actually though what I got was worse than credit because they were questioning me and this is money and by the way most of that money went out very early, just so you understand, but a lot of these groups getting vetted by, you know, when you pay the money out, they need government documentation.They need a lot of different things plus we want to find out if is that a good group. I had people, teams of people, reviewing statistics, reviewing numbers and also talking to people in the military to find out whether or not the group was deserving of the money. We have given two groups that are unbelievable groups and honestly, I wish you could hear the phone calls and see the letters.They are so happy and I'm happy to do it. I didn't want the credit for it but it was very unfair that the press treated her so badly. I -- go ahead.Well, generally speaking that's a hundred percent true. Go ahead.I like scrutiny but you know what, when I raised money -- excuse me, excuse me. I've watched you on television, you're a real beauty. When I raised money for the veterans and it's a massive amount of money, find out how much Hillary Clinton has given to the veterans. Nothing. And then I see a few guys standing out there.They don't even know what they're there for. They don't -- they have no idea they're there because Hillary Clinton's campaign sent them and actually I think was you or one of you that found out that they actually were with Hillary Clinton's campaign, which was interesting but I wasn't surprised I don't -- I don't want the credit for word but I shouldn't be lambasted.And remember this, so out of the almost $6 million that was raised not one penny did I take for administration course that's unheard of. OK.How else am I gonna raise the money? How else are we going to raise the money?Sure.Sure. I would have given -- I would have given this, just so you understand, until I was criticized. So I took -- I'm the only one in the world who could raise almost $6 million for the veterans, have uniform applause by the veterans groups, and end up being criticized by the press. Yes, I made the speech and during my speech I said let's raise a little money for the vets.It turned out to be a lot of money, not a little money. I thought if we could get to a million dollars that would be great. Which it would have been.That's right. That's right. I do raise millions. No, I don't think so. I don't think so. Yeah.No, I raised almost $6 million some of it didn't come through but more money is coming through that didn't come through. The number probably is going to be when we finish it probably going to be over the $6 million. Yup. Yeah go ahead.I don't mind in coming from the opposition [Inaudible]. What I do mind is when I raised all of these millions and when we started out nobody ever thought is going to be over five million or close to six.All right. So look. Here's the story, here's the story. I think and I've been dealing with the press a long time. I think the political press is among the most dishonest people that I've ever met, I have to tell you that, OK. Of course you're excluded, Carl. But I think the political press -- Huh? You're in the middle.I think the political press, I see the stories and I see the way they are couched for instance, I went down this weekend to do Rolling Thunder, I was invited, I didn't have anything to do with it. We had a tremendous gathering of people. Thousands, I don't know how many thou- but many thousands of people and I joked, "Oh, I thought we're gonna go from the Jefferson Memorial to the Linc -- " I was joking.They said, " Donald Trump was disappointed" everybody knew I was being sarcastic and joking. They said, some of them said, "Donald Trump was very disappointed that it didn't go from Jefferson to Lincoln." you know, millions of people. I was joking. I said, "Oh, I'm used to watching it." We have -- I was joking so they put it down as serious.They know I was joking. I'll give another example. We had a certain, the same event, it was roped off where you could only get so many people there and there were a lot of people, I don't know. Ten thousand, 15 maybe 25 thou- I don't know, there's lot of people. Plus there were people breaking the seams.All the way along. Jean Washington, a man I like, actually. He wrote an article that there was 5,000 people there. There was many times that and you weren't allowed to have any more people and all of these people with their motorcycles in parking lots all the way there waving to me as I'm going by. But wait a minute.The point is law enforcement. These people didn't allow you to have any more people. I think the president -- I had a tremendous crowd but it was the biggest crowd you could have had because it was all cordon off. You weren't allowed to have any more. They weren't allowed to have any more people mad so instead of saying Trump made his speech in front of a packed crowd, they said: "Trump was disappointed because I didn't have millions of people going from Jefferson to Washington." I mean, give me a break.It's just honestly it's dishonest reporting. Yeah. go ahead. No, no. Go.Well, the veterans believe me. Let me tell you the veterans why they believe. And I have one group was here that I gave -- Is Al [Inaudible] here earlier? Maybe you want to say it. This is a group I gave money to. Now I could have asked all these groups. He just showed up I just saw. But I could have asked all these groups to come here and they could admit I didn't want to do that.I'm not looking for credit but what I don't want is when I raise millions of dollars, have people say, like this sleazy guy right over here from ABC. He's a sleaze, in my book. You're a sleaze because you don't -- you know the facts and you know the facts well. Go ahead. You might want to say something.Wow. Yeah. What I did is I didn't ask out. I've gotten to know a little bit primarily through New Hampshire where we had great victories but he showed up this morning because he was upset and many of the other groups are very upset. They received a hundred thousand in the mail. They didn't even know what it was for.It was from me. Other groups received 200, 250, 250,000 they didn't know what it was for and I have again upstairs I have received phone calls with people crying. I have received letters, heartfelt letters and you know it's -- it really -- The bad part about the dishonesty of the media is that people like me will be inclined not to do it anymore because why should you raise 5.6 million and I think I'll go over 6 million pretty easily.Nobody said that we started this out as a small, little project where was less than a million dollars. That's because it just kept mushroom and building and building it. But nobody talks about that. So we raised a 5.6 million. We have so many happy groups, so many happy veterans and then I see these guys, these Hillary Clinton people outside and now of course, they don't know the extent they probably figured based on reading the press that Trump didn't make, you know, didn't raise this kind of money but we raised a lot.And I'll be raising more and we'll be sending it to other people as we get along.It's complicated process, yeah.No, it doesn't. It just -- it really -- really -- You know the government, sort of approves different groups for a lot of reasons and so it really does. And more than anything else, it's also speaking to other veterans. we have a circle veterans and who is good for -- I don't want to send $250,000 on a check to a group that doesn't do good work.So it's called vetting. We've vet the vets but it's called vetting.No, I think that it's bothersome because I love the vets and I've worked hard for the vets and as you can see I've given a lot of money and raised a lot of money for the vets and I think when the press portrays it differently the press is being very dishonest so I don't like that. I don't like dishonesty.Not you, go ahead.Jeff Sessions.Jeff Sessions is a fantastic man. Jeff Sessions is one of the most highly-respected people in the United States Senate. Jeff Sessions is a person that I believe that Ted Cruz says the most respect for and I think Ted thought that he would get an endorsement. You know Jeff Sessions has never endorsed the presidential candidate before as many years as he's been in the Senate.So you know I -- Jeff Sessions certainly is somebody that I would consider, absolutely. He's a fantastic person. Yeah, go ahead.I think it's a very tough call. It was amazing because there were moments with the gorilla the way he held that child. It was almost like a mother holding a baby. Looks so beautiful and calm and there were moments where it look pretty dangerous. I don't think they had a choice, I mean, probably they didn't have a choice.You have a child, a young child is at stake and you know it's too bad there wasn't another way. I thought it was so beautiful to watch that, you know, powerful almost 500-pound gorilla the way he dealt with that little boy but it just takes one second, just one second it's not like it takes place over. Well he's going to do it in 30 seconds from now.It just takes one little flick of his finger and I will tell you they probably had no choice.Go ahead. I'm entirely favor of fixing the VA healthcare. VA is one of the great catastrophes in this country. What's going on. You look at what's happening in Phoenix and different places throughout the country where they are catching people stealing and they don't even have firearms. Where people are waiting five days, six days, seven days on line.They're dying while they were on line and I am in favor of if they can't get to a doctor within a reasonable period of time they're gonna go see a doctor and the country is going to pay for it. They're going to go to a private doctor or a public hospital or public doctor but some place that can take them immediately.We're losing thousands of people waiting on line and the Veterans Administration is run by Obama just as incompetently as he's running our country. You look at the TSA. You look at what's going on at the airports and you look at that. OK, just take a look at that. That's like the Veterans Administration.Nothing in our country works anymore. It's a mess and maybe that's why I'm doing so well in the polls. Yes.No, it doesn't have to be privatization now it doesn't have to be privatization. What it has to be is when somebody's on line and they say it's a seven-day way that person is going to walk over to across the street to a private doctor be taken cared of. We're going to pay the bill and by the way, that's going to be a lot less expensive and we'll check it out and be careful but that's going to be a lot less expensive than what's going on. These people are living in hell and Hillary Clinton said the Veterans Administration is working just fine and the head of it. McDonald said last week that: "Waiting in line is not bad, look at Disney World." OK. These are the kind of people we have running things.It's ridiculous. Dave?Yeah. No, David, I tell you what. That's their choice that you have a party called the Democrats and they're gonna have to make that choice. It's, you know, I think it's probably going to be here -- her because it's rigged. And I think if you people will say I'm the one that came up the term rig I used it for myself except I won by such big margins that the fact that is if the whole system is rigged on both sides, same with the Republicans, just less obvious.The Democrats with the -- with the super you know, with the whole superdelegate thing. It's ridiculous so I think that they're gonna have to make that determination. If you're asking me who I prefer running against?I think what she did was very bad and I think a lot of people have done a lot less than her and their lives have been destroyed.Oh, I think that's fine. I think that's fine. [Inaudible, go ahead, go ahead. WaitThe judge has been very unfair. He has not done a good job. He's been a very bad judge. He has been very unfair and I will win the Trump University case. I already am, as far as I'm concerned. But I will win the Trump University case. This is because I don't care. Because you know what? Why I antagonize?Because I don't care, I have a judge who is very, very unfair and I that's --Well you'll see it in court documents. But I have a judge who is very, very unfair. He knows he's unfair and I'll win the Trump University case. I could settle that case, I could have settled it. I just choose not to. In fact, when I ran this, so what did you settle up that case? I don't want to settle it again because you know what?Because I'm a man of principle and most of the people that took those courses have letters saying they thought it was great, essentially. It was good. It was great, and you know what when they're on the stand and you say: "How come you signed a letter saying that Trump University was so good? How come you signed the letter?" The woman that was the original plaintiff in the case, they went to the court and the judge allowed her to get out of the case should have been dropped.All case should have been dropped. They wanted her dismissed from the case. You know why? Because she was deposed. She was such a bad witness that we win the case easily. She signed a letter and she's on film. She's on tape like these cameras saying unbelievably good things about Trump University so they didn't want her anymore because she's a disaster for them.So they went to the judge and they said, "Your Honor we'd like to have her not be a participant not be the plaintiff in the case." and he said, "Oh, that's OK. She's the one that started the case." Now they don't even want to testify. They don't want to testify because she's a disaster. She is also -- it's a beautiful statement about it. And importantly she's on tape saying how great it is. They don't want her.I wouldn't want her either. Now I could have settled that case. I could settle the case. I can settle it. I don't want to. I'll go through the process. Yeah, go ahead.Yeah.Because we're down the line. Because we're down the line and the fact that is you can't win as an independent. You -- for the most part you can't even get on Texas and various other states now it's too late. But Texas is out, so ex- But here's what happens. What happens is he will not have, and very importantly, he will not have Supreme Court justices.You're going to lose. You could have as many as four or five. That's over. Now, Crystal's the one that's being -- he's the last one. Don't forget, he said, "Trump will never run." the guy's not a smart person. He said, "Donald Trump will never run." Remember? Do you remember? I actually blame you. Why do you put this guy in television?I see him in the different shows. He's got no credibility. He said I won't run, if I run I want do well. If I do well, it's this and that. He looks like such a fool. I saw someone once. He is practically crying because you can't justify. Now he comes out with a tweet over the weekend, over Memorial Day Weekend.It sounds like he's going to put somebody up, even I thought it. I though,: "Oh they're going to find some indie." Now, he comes out with something saying, "He was almost, almost kidding." OK. Let me tell you. These people are losers. He's trying to -- trying to make you -- he's trying to drive you guys a little bit nuts.If they do in indie assuming it's decent which I don't think anybody with a reputation would do it because they look like fools but what you're going to do is you lose the election for the Republicans and therefore you lose the Supreme Court. Therefore you will have a group of people put on the Supreme Court where this country will never ever recover.It will never ever be the same.No, no. I'm saying I know I didn't say that. I said Bill Crystal is a loser and I'll be -- I'll tell you why, Carl. He is called every single month. Take a look on me. He's going to lose this state. I went in Atlanta -- Wait a minute, Carl. I didn't say everybody, many, but I didn't say everybody. OK. Wait.Wait. Wait. Bill Crystal is a loser. His magazine is failing as you know. It's gonna be down to -- I don't think it even survives. He's getting some free publicity. But Bill Crystal, I've been watching this for two years. "Trump is not gonna run." Then I go into a race. We go into New Hampshire. "Oh, he's not gonna win New Hampshire." I win in a landslide.I go -- Every place I went I was not going to win but I win in a landslide. Do you think maybe he doesn't like me? OK. How about one or two more? Yeah, go ahead. Go ahead.OK.It's wrong. It's wrong. Carl, I didn't get 30%.My last one was 78%. I didn't get 30%. I don't know. No, no, no. Here's the way I look at it. When I have somebody that's not on my side. OK. When [Inaudible] by the way, I've gotten great applause from the press and, you know, in terms of as an achievement because the Republican Party is really well-unified.We have come up with people that you would have never thought possible are now saying: "I support Trump." So remember that, we don't talk about that too much but actually last week the big story is how fast the Republican Party is healing because it is a healing process. It was a rough -- It was a rough campaign.I don't know Fred Malek. I can say this, the real story is how fast we're getting together. Now, if I have a Republican that's not on my side, I'm not gonna -- why should I be particularly nice to that person I'm not going to go after like I would Hillary or crazy Bernie. But you know what, why should I be nice to that person if I have a person that's not going to support me? I have no obligation.Now, politically, I may be right. I may be wrong but that's who I am. I'm a very honest person, Carl. If somebody is going to say a little bit negative or a lot negative about me and if they happen to be a Republican I may choose to hit them back. Not always, not always but I may choose to hit them back.What?I'm not a fan of Mitt Romney. Mitt Romney lost an election that he should have won and if you read the front page of The Wall Street Journal about what Mitt Romney, he looks like a fool. Look. I'm not a fan of Mitt Romney just so you understand. I raised a lot of money for Mitt Romney. I made robo calls for made speeches for him.He let us down. If you read the front page of The Wall Street Journal this weekend, Mitt Romney looks like a fool. Now why would I say good about Mitt Romney?She was not nice and I was fine. Just a little bit of a jab but she wasn't nice. And you think I'm gonna change? I'm not changing including with her. Go ahead. One more. One more quick.Bob Dole is a fan of mine. Bob Dole endorsed me so don't tell me about Bob Dole.Well, look Gary Johnson got 1% of the vote last time. I watched that whole situation. It was really pretty disgraceful. I think it's safe total fringe deal. I think he's a fringe candidate. You want to know the truth? I look at him and I watched him and I watched his motions and I watched what he says. I think that he is a fringe candidate and your second, you know, well is when you do a little research on that.I think it's not going to be a factor. OK. Yeah.No, no, not all of you. Just many of you.Not you, David, actually.Yeah, it is. Yeah it is. Let me tell you something. I'm not -- I'm a person OK. Yeah it is going to be like this David. If the press writes false stories like they did with this because you know probably half of you were amazed that I raised all of this money .If the press writes false stories like they did.Where I wanted to keep a low profile. I didn't want the credit for raising all this money for the vets. I wasn't looking for the credit and by the way, more money is coming in. I wasn't looking for the credit but I had no choice but to do this because the press is saying that I didn't raise any money for them.Not only did I raise it. Much of it was given a long time ago and there is a vetting process and I think you understand that. But when I raised almost $6 million and probably in the end will raise more than six because more is going to come in and is coming in. But when I raise 5.6 million as of today, more is coming in and I -- this is going to phenomenal groups and have many of these people vetting the people that are getting the money and working hard and then we have to read, start probably libelous stories.We're certainly close. In the newspapers and the people know the stories are false. I'm going to continue to attack the press. Look. I find the press to be extremely dishonest. I find the political press to be unbelievably dishonest. I will say that. OK. Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you very much.You can call me Donald.Thank you, folks. Thank you. You want me to move over?Well, I wanna thank Lou and everybody. It's such an honor when I heard about this, and I said we have to do it and we should do it on Staten Island if possible. Right? 'Cause we love Staten Island, and we love New York. This is just an amazing place, you know. We talked about New York values. And the other night, I was talking about it. Actually, we have a sold-out house.The owner of the hotel just came to see me, Lou. And he said this is the biggest -- and his wife, there they are right there, said this is the biggest crowd we've ever had. And the hotel is lovely and you've done a great job. Is this your all-time record crowd? Come on over here, Ron. I just wanna prove it 'cause the press never believe anything I say so you -- but I don't believe anything they say so it's equal.Your biggest crowd, your biggest -- these people have done a fantastic job in putting on the event, and I want to thank you. Great hotel. Great hotel. Thank you very much. And later on, as you know, we're going to Poughkeepsie and we have a big crowd there. We always seem to have friends, but we've been all over the state and we've seen what's been happening with the state and with the country.Our jobs are being dissipated. They're being taken like we're -- like candy from a baby. And they're going to Mexico. They're going to every place. And I guess today, the top story and drudges, China's upset with the fact that I'm talkin about them negatively from a financial standpoint that I mentioned the fact that they're ripping us off and so I responded.I think you'll like actually the response, the response was the kind of response we should have been giving them for many, many years. So if you folks have any questions -- but before you do that, I just want to say you people have done an unbelievable job. And a lot of times you don't get the kind of acclaim or respect that you should be getting.And with me, you get it. But with the public, you do get it. You don't hear about it from the press, but with the public, you do get it, and we just wanna thank you all because we have a tremendous amount of respect for the work that you do. So Lou and everybody, thank you very much. I like it. OK. Questions?Yes, John?Well, it's a rigged election. Now I'm winning by a lot. And a lot of people say, don't complain, you're winning. And I think we'll get there on the first ballot actually, and we're gonna have a big day hopefully in New York because I love New York. And a guy like Cruz, you heard his statement on values -- New York values and I can't imagine any New Yorker voting for Cruz.And he can't beat Hillary. I'm gonna beat Hillary. In fact, you notice our commercials came out there about me. They don't even talk about Cruz. He's only concerned about me. Now Kasich is interesting. He's never had a negative commercial. Nobody's ever hit him. Nobody knows he's there, and so he does well.He does OK because nobody talks about him. With me, I had -- I think I saw on Fox, 55,000 negative ads. And despite that, I'm leading by a lot. But I think this, it's about the voters. It's not about the bosses. And I'm here to show that it's about the voters and we're going to show that it's about the voters.And I win all the time when it's up to the voters. When it's up to the bosses, we didn't play in Colorado because I heard that it was going to be for the bosses, for the RNC, for the people. So I'm not gonna spend -- waste a lot of money. Don't forget, I'm self-funding. So when I spend money, it's my money.It's not some PAC's money where people are giving it just because they wanna have influence and they want their local politician or their politician to do what they want to do. So we didn't play there. We didn't play in Wyoming because the game was rigged. I don't wanna go six, seven months before because that's what you have to do, take them on trips, put them in hotel rooms, do the whole thing.I don't wanna play that game. I'm winning with the voters, and we're winning big. And I think we'll get to the 1,237. Well, I think the people that are for me, of which there are many millions, you know, many millions of people have voted in our primaries, many, many. And you'll see it tomorrow also. Many millions of people have voted more than voted four years ago, you know that.They came out for me. They didn't come out for lyin' Ted Cruz. They didn't come out for Kasich. They didn't know who Kasich is, nobody does. They came out for me, and these are people that, in many cases, have never voted. These are very smart people, very strong people. And when they see, they see what's going on. They see -- as an example, the RNC said, we never change the rules.Well, that's wrong. Because I announced in June 16th in, as you know, Colorado. And in August, they changed the rules in Colorado. I'm in June and August because they saw how well I would have done in Colorado, so they changed the rules. They changed the rules in Florida so that the winner gets all. They didn't know that I was gonna win.That was a good one, Lou. They changed the rules because they thought Bush was gonna win. Winner gets all, except they had a problem. Trump won. I got all. So I got 99 delegates. But they didn't mean that to happen. It wasn't done for that reason. So sometimes, you get lucky. But if you look at Wyoming, it's the same thing.But just so you understand, they kept saying, we didn't change the rules, we didn't touch it. Well, they totally did. I came out in June. They saw I was gonna win Colorado easily with the voters, which is most important, so they changed the rules and they took the voters out of it. And they had the party bosses make the selection.So that's the way it goes. OK. Yeah. Kenny?Because I don't wanna play the rule game. I'll tell you why because we live in a democracy, and it's all about getting the bosses out. The bosses are picking that now I'm winning. You will say I'm winning by 200 delegates. I'm winning more importantly in my opinion. I'm winning by over two million votes.In other words, I've got more than two million votes. And other than the fact that I have 17 candidates starting, you know, throughout the process, we had 17 then dropping out, I would be leading Hillary Clinton by millions and millions of votes. I heard her say during the bid, I have a million votes more than Donald Trump.She's got Bernie, a socialist, and I've got 17 governors, senators, guys like Ben Carson, who's fantastic. I have all these guys running. So I have 17 people, she's got one. And if we didn't have 17, I'd be leading her by probably four million votes. Because you have to change. I'll tell you why. I understand the question.You have to change. It has to be changed. Now it's not going to happen, probably this time, although they're watching a lot closer. In fact, they announced they're not gonna be making rules changes now because the public is really angry, and the Republicans are really angry. The voters are really angry. It's got to change.Now in four years, it's going to change. So I've done something. In four years, it's gonna change. It's not going to be this way for years, but you're going to have a very, very upset and angry group of people at the convention. Now I hope that doesn't happen, because if I win, people are gonna be very happy.Well, I hope it doesn't involve violence. I hope it doesn't, and I'm not suggesting it. I hope it doesn't involve violence, and I don't think it will. But I will say this, it's a rigged system. It's a crooked system. It's a hundred percent crooked. The bosses -- is that correct? These people know it better.It's a crooked -- they're not here for this reason to be honest, but this is -- they understand law enforcement better than anybody else. It's a corrupt and crooked system where you're allowed to take delegates. Look, nobody has better toys than I do. I can put them in the best planes and bring them to the best resorts anywhere in the world: Doral, Mar-a-Lago.I can put them in the best places in the world, California. I have something that blows everything away. But it's a corrupt system. You're basically buying these people. You're basically saying, delegate, listen, we're gonna send you Mar-a-Lago on a Boeing 757. You're gonna use the spa, you're gonna this, you're gonna that.We want your vote. That's a corrupt system. That has -- wait a minute. That has nothing to do with democracy. So here's the story. I'm winning by a lot. I think we're going to win the 1,237. I think we're not gonna have the second ballot. I just tell you, though, despite what I just said, it's a corrupt system and it's a rigged system.And I think for future years, the Republican party should change. OK?Well, I can't say that. I have to see how I'm treated and how these people -- I'm representing many millions of people. You know the Republican party and the primaries are up 72% which is astronomical. The Democrats are down 35%. I mean, you people, those are the numbers. An amazing thing has happened. The Republican Party, which people don't think of in terms of going up, they think of it in terms of it getting smaller, smaller, smaller every year, they're up 72% because voters are coming and voting, some of them for the first time because they never had a candidate that they wanted to vote for.They're great people. They're great Americans. But it's up 72%. The Democrats are down 35%. And I'll tell you what, we're getting independence, we're getting Democrats to vote, and we're getting -- to me, it makes me very happy people that have never voted before. And let me tell you, if you disenfranchise those people, you're gonna have some very upset people.Yes, go ahead.I just have to see what happens. Jerry, it's too early to say. I have to see how it's handled and I have to see what level of fairness these millions of people who I'm representing. You understand, I have far more votes than anybody, including Hillary, because I had 17 people. She had Bernie. OK? Bernie.Oh, Bernie. Lou, you guys aren't big into socialism or communism, are you? I don't think you're going for a communist. Are you, Lou? OK. Go ahead back there.Oh, I have. Excuse me. Excuse me. I had rallies, the biggest rallies in New York. We had 21,000 people in Albany. We had -- well I'm going up to Poughkeepsie in a little while. You know why? To be honest with you, because the polls is so good and so strong that I really wanna focus on areas where they know me, but they don't know me as well.No, not at all. We've had virtually nothing. I'll tell you truthfully, the press doesn't cover it that way. And I've said it yesterday, in a couple of days, the safest -- I was in Watertown yesterday. We had tremendous crowds. And we have tremendous crowds everywhere. Albany was unbelievable. We're in Rochester, unbelievable.Rome, our Rome, not the Rome that we think about. I think about our Rome. Rome, tremendous crowds. We don't have -- we have very little protesters and every once in a while, somebody raises their hand, they get ushered out. The safest places to be in this country virtually are at a Trump rally. Unfortunately, the press doesn't cover it that way.Yeah.Yeah. I know it very well. And I've had property on Staten Island. in fact, when I grew up during the summers, I used to work on Staten Island. My father had a Grymes Hill. I was in Grymes Hill section, which a couple of you folks know about. Right? But the Grymes Hill section of Staten Island, which is really nice and I love Staten Island and Tyson's -- Tyson's Park.And I worked on Staten Island for four summers. I love it. It's a great -- the greatest people. These people are incredible people. Well, you know, I looked at -- I just had stats done because I'm making a speech in a couple of minutes. And if you look at the number of jobs that are being lost, it's incredible.It's incredible. Twenty five percent of the manufacturing jobs and I mean it's unbelievable stat. And you know, I noticed because before I go to every community, I do like a stat sheet. I have my people give me the stats, and they're all the same, way jobs, way down, food stamps way up. It's like every -- you could almost -- they're almost interchangeable.The numbers are slightly different, but they're interchangeable. Now they have to have jobs. This country needs jobs. I noticed Ted Cruz the other day follows my line, jobs, jobs. Well, he never used to say that. He's saying it because I get the crowds and I'm getting the response. And he's not getting the voters, he gets the bosses.And I could get the bosses easier than him if I wanted them. I'm good with bosses. I'm the greatest with bosses. I just don't want them. I don't want them. It's not about that anymore. Yes, ma'am.Yeah.They're still here, very good. Corey's right here.Totally exonerated from that bogus nonsense from somebody that made a bogus claim who by the way, if you look at the tape, it bear -- bore no relationship to what she said happened .And I tell you, I really have a lot of respect for the people in Florida for looking at that fairly. I really do. I have great respect for the prosecutor, and for the police for taking a look at that clip and realizing that she misrepresented.I have great respect for that. And he's good. That was a weight on his shoulder and I saw it had a huge impact on him with his family and he's got four beautiful children and wonderful wife in New Hampshire. And I'll tell you what, that was a very unfair thing that happened to him, very, very unfair. So I'll say it. OK. I'll do one more.Go.Oh, I don't wanna talk about an old election. That's all I need to do. I don't wanna talk -- I tell you what. I'll tell you what's up. Voters to me are very important. Yes, go ahead. Did you have one?The surge operation?They can't screen them. They have no documentation. You know, you can't screen a person with no documentation. They have no written documents whatsoever, so there's nothing you can do. Go ahead. One more.I have a lot of them. There's about 12. Go ahead. You know, it's good.I'm gonna come up with something on colleges because I'll tell you what, the biggest question I get are from young people that have gone to college, have done well, very good colleges, and they come to me and it's turmoil for them. They're loaded up with debt, and they can't get a job. And I'm gonna have policy on that very, very soon.And I'll tell you what, it's so important. It's such a big issue. I'll see you inside, folks. Thank you very much. And Lou, thank you and your group, most importantly.[Video Begins in Progress] Look. I beat him very badly. He was going in as a favorite in the presidential run. I knew he couldn't endorse me. I never called him and asked for an endorsement. I told him and I told a lot of people what was going on in Wisconsin, the real numbers in terms of jobs, in terms of what's happening with the trade, in terms of a 2.2-billion-dollar balance and lots of other problems and after saying that I said there's no way he's going to endorse me. Now, I will say, once I told them the facts and once I told the public the facts, he went from 22 or 24% down to zero with the race.So obviously, I would have loved to have got his support but I didn't expect it and I don't think it will mean anything.Not only did I help him. He came up to my office a year ago or so, prior to, obviously, he's run, which didn't work out so well for him. He came up to my office and he gave me a plaque, a beautiful plaque, which at some point I think I'll bring over to Wisconsin.Yeah. I can only say Cory is a fine person. I looked at the tape but the tapes were supplied by me. You know those tapes just so you understand. Those are very high-end club and we had tapes all over the place and we supplied those tapes. And those tapes to me are very conclusive. A lot of people are looking at it saying how can anybody be charged?It was -- She was actually -- if you look at her, my, look at her, according to a lot of people, she was grabbing at me, and she's acting as an intermediary and trying to block her from doing that. The news conference was over. It was done, it was finished and she was running up and grumping and asking questions that she wasn't supposed to be doing that.And I think you should, I told him, I said you should never settle this case. You should go all the way. I think they've really hurt a very good person. And I know it will be very easy for me to discard people. I don't discard people. I stay with people that's why I stay with this country. That's why I stay with a lot of people that are treated unfairly and that's one of the reasons I'm the front burner by a lot.If you look at that tape, he was very, very seriously maligned and I think it's very unfair.I think it says nothing about the campaign. I think if you look at it, he was trying to block her, that's the way I review it. And she's grabbing me and asking questions. She's not even supposed to ask questions. You know the press conference lasted for a long time, like 45 minutes. And I was leaving and she runs up and you could see, in fact, there are pictures where she's grabbing -- I could show you some actually, I have some in the other room that there are pictures where she's grabbing my arm and I'm going like this trying to get her off.I think it's a disgrace that something like that could take place and I'm shocked by it and I'll stick by people and I know It's probably not even politically good for me to do but when somebody is maligned so unfairly as that, I will stick by it.Well I think we have a lot of people that are saying a lot of false sayings. I'm gonna make much better trade deals than anybody in Wisconsin, and nobody can create jobs like I can create. Nobody is better on the border. Sheriff Joe Arpaio, as you know from Phoenix, from the Phoenix area, from Arizona is with me 100% and endorsed me because I'm the strongest on the border by far.You look at the guy like Ted Cruz. He's very, very week on jobs, he knows nothing about jobs, he knows nothing about jobs. We call him Lyin' Ted because of what he did with Ben Carson, where he said Ben Carson had left the race, he hadn't left the race at all but there are many other things and you know, look, I don't see Ted Cruz making it. I don't think Ted Cruz could win the general at all and I think I'll beat Hillary Clinton very easy.Once I put my -- once I put my mind to beating Hillary Clinton, right now I have two other people that I want to beat. And hopefully, I will start that process and complete that process in Wisconsin.Well I hope not. I think it's really unfair. It's very unfair thing to a person. I was watching some of the television coverage and a lot of people are telling me, saying how could somebody be charged for that? I mean, to see it. Again, I'm the one that gave the tapes, nobody else gave the tapes. The tapes were from me and they see it and they see what took place and it's so minor and if you look at her initial statements before she knew that we had tapes of her, she was talking about being pulled down or dragged down or something to that effect.All of a sudden when she saw that there were tapes, she changed her tone a little bit. I think it's a very, very sad thing and I think it's very unfair to a good person. He's got a family. He's got four beautiful children. I think it's very, very unfair to a man with a wonderful family back in New Hampshire.Who gets what? A criminal situation over that? In fact, some of the reporters are saying a number of them pleaded. But some of them said, "Wow, that was minor compared to -- " You get pushed around, you get shoved and she was grabbing me. She was -- do I -- does that mean that I'm supposed to file charges against her?She was grabbing me that's why you see the picture of me like that. Now maybe he was trying to get her off of me. But I think it's a very, very sad day in this country when a man can be destroyed over something like that and you just look at that tape throughout the whole process and you see how unfair it is. That's a very unfair -- he's a good person.He's a good person with a wonderful family and for him to be charged over something like that. And remember, she grabbed me before he even broke anything. And it almost looks like he's just trying to create a little room because to be honest with you, the news conference had finished, it was over, it was done.And I was leaving, rapidly leaving the premises and all of a sudden she pulls out of nowhere. So I think it's very, very unfair [Inaudible]Right.Well, I'll tell you one policy that, whether we agree or not, I'm gonna do if I win and it's gonna be great for Wisconsin and for the country and that's great because our jobs are being sucked away. I have some of the statistics from Wisconsin. Wisconsin was doing very poorly, by the way, for those who don't know.And the reason that Walker went way down and even though I supported him initially and he thanked me by coming up to my office and giving me a plaque. The reason that Walker went way down is because when I gave all of the statistics on how badly Wisconsin was doing, the jobs that are being taken away, the businesses, the lack of growth, when I gave all of those statistics, he couldn't dispute them.I mean they're there and I'll be [Inaudible] them again.Well I don't know what PolitiFact -- I don't care. I get the statistics from government agencies. I mean they're just perfect statistics. So I'll be doing that -- I'll be doing that during my first [inaudible]Well I can say this, Wisconsin is in turmoil. It's always in turmoil. I sit back in different states and I watch and I see that Wisconsin is constantly fighting and recall elections and I've never seen anything like it, frankly, in the country. So you could make the case such a good thing because they're fighters.You could also make the case such a bad thing. There's a lot of -- a lot of hate going on in Wisconsin and I think it's bad but worse than that are the numbers. Your numbers are terrible and I will give you those numbers. In fact, I have them. If you want them I could get it right now.No no, I don't care about it. Here's the thing, I think he's probably a nice guy. I mean, he came in dressed in a motorcycle outfit with a motorcycle like he's a big, strong motorcycle guy. By the way, the motorcycle people love me. It's like my highest demographic, they love me. I go to things, I have seven hundred motorcycles waiting for me with people.So, I don't know what he was doing but he was, you know, constantly riding around that motorcycles. If the people like him, that's fine. I think he's a nice person. I don't care about whether he's nice or not. You look at the statistics on what's happening with jobs and many other factories in Wisconsin.You look at your 2.2-billion-dollar deficit. You look at your numbers. They were so negative that I went -- I didn't even use all of them. I didn't know how bad they were until I looked today. So he's now fair game. I would have never said this but he's now fair game because he endorsed Cruz. Cruz's never gonna win, by the way.He's too striving. Cruz has no chance of winning in the general election, zero. But with, -- and I don't think he has a chance of getting the nomination, frankly. Ahh, and he is way behind. He is one six states or seven states. I wanna think 21 or 22 already. I say this, it's only results-oriented. I look at what's going on in Wisconsin.I have so many friends in Wisconsin. It's a great place. I think I'm gonna do really well in Wisconsin, I hope. I'm gonna be here for a long period of time until Tuesday evening, until the election evening, maybe stay overnight then. If I win, I will stay overnight. If I don't, I will make it out a little bit quicker, right?But I think -- I think I have a very good chance of winning Wisconsin. I will say this, when I reveal to day, which I'm gonna do it in my speech, how bad the numbers are in Wisconsin, how jobs have been taken away by foreign countries, it's unbelievable and I had no idea. Even when I beat him, and don't forget, I was the one that beat Scott Walker in the primaries, there was nobody else.That is why when he left he said, "We have to stop Donald Trump, we have to stop Donald Trump!" Because I won after and all I did, I wasn't bad to him. I just told the numbers about how poorly Wisconsin was doing. And he left the race very early. He gave up, he quit. Very, very early, earlier than most. Jeb stayed around, and others stayed around, but he really left very early, and frankly, I don't even know why he left that early but his poll numbers went way down.They went from being like the leader of the pack into almost at the back of the pack. The reason I was able to do that so easily is because his numbers are horrible in Wisconsin. I'll be revealing those numbers and these numbers you probably have but you don't report them. Cause a lot of people think he does a good job as governor and he's a nice person.I don't mind. I'm just gonna reveal the numbers and you see it for yourself. Look at what's happened to your jobs. Look at what's happened to your growth. Look at what's happened to trade, how horrible trade has been for Wisconsin. How devastating it's been for Wisconsin. And you're, you're in the middle of the pack so we'll be talking about it [Inaudible].I don't anything about Sykes. I think I did very well with Sykes.I heard. I heard it I guess. I heard they were against me. I understand that. You know, they're for the establishment, and they are for guys that are running. The problem with this country is we have the establishment out there including those people. Now you take a look at Rush Limbaugh and he likes Trump and you take a look at a lot of the other ones, Michael Savage, and many of the other ones say they really like Trump a lot.Uh, this particular group, I was told, they're not going to be very nice, and frankly, they were fine. They was, you know, I for -- if you listened to that debate, you would say Trump won on a merits 'cause Wisconsin is not doing well. It's not doing well. Now people can say "Oh that's insult!" It's not insulting.It can do well but we have to change trade policies because we are getting ripped off in the whole country by trade, by jobs, by other countries.About what?Oh, I think it's gonna increase jobs. It's gonna increase income. It's just gonna increase profit. It's gonna increase a lot of things and all upbeat but there's a lot of hate in Wisconsin. And I looked at those rallies. I looked at those, you know, that -- that tremendous, you know, the interaction between groups of people and I said, "Wow, is this the United States?" That was tough! And I gave Walker some, in one way, I give him credit because he was willing to withstand it and in other way I don't give him credit because, you know, you like to be able to bring people together a lot better than that.But when I look at his numbers and how bad Wisconsin was doing, that's why there's such hatred. All you have to do is look at the numbers. When you look at the numbers on how poorly Wisconsin is doing on jobs, in trade and so many other things. The farming, how they're getting killed, uh, then you understand why there's such hatred and such fighting in Wisconsin.Nobody. Nobody. Nobody is a bigger supporter of woman than Donald Trump.I don't think so. You know it's, it's, yeah I know. It's very interesting. I know Pierce Morgan and many, many people. They saw that tape. And they said, "You gotta be kidding! You gotta be kidding! Again the tape was given by me because my places are very successful and I have cameras all over the ceiling.That tape was given by me so maybe it was political, maybe it was something but when you look at that tape, I guarantee you, you will push around more getting into this plane right now than she would push you around. You take a look at this. Look at you folks back here with the cameras on the small space.You got pushed around more than she got pushed around. Uh, I just can't stand by and watch a man's life be destroyed, be destroyed. And take a look at her original statement. Just look at her original statement before she knew that Donald Trump is rich and has cameras all over the ceiling, so that we can protect people from the standpoint of security fire, etc., etc.Take a look at her original statement. The first words out of her mouth about her going down and, you know, pull down or something to that effect. She was pulled down. Pitiful. She bet she doesn't even change her expression. I mean, I looked at the tape and by the way, if it was that way I would have fired him in two seconds.I wouldn't care, I couldn't have cared less. But I looked at the tape, there's not even a change of expression on her face. And then I looked at internet and you take a look at the tweets and people are saying, "You gotta be kidding me!"I think it's something that's disgraceful. I think that you as a reporter and all of you as reporter probably get treated a lot better than that on a daily basis. I have never seen anything like it. I cannot imagine how they did it. Uh, he's got a very good lawyer and they will fight it. I told him you should never settle that case and I know that's not to my, that is not to my benefit.But I think when people see that tape, and they take a look at that tape, then they take a look at her initial statement before she knew that she was on tape. Take a look at that, you have to see it. You take a look at her initial statement. It sounded like she got thrown out of a building. You take a look at that and you, and then -- excuse me?I don't know if there were bruises from that. Why, who says there were bruises from that? How do you know those bruises weren't there before?I don't know what the police said. How do you know those bruises weren't there before? I'm not a lawyer but she said she had a bruise on her arm. I mean, to me, you're gonna get squeezed, wouldn't you think that you're gonna yell out or scream or something if she has bruise in her arm? I've seen, take a look at her.Take a look at her facial expression. The facial expression doesn't even change. So you know, you said bruises in her arms, how did they get there? Who put them there? I don't know that he put them there. In any event, I'm seeking out for a person because I'm not gonna let a person's life be destroyed over somebody that we have on tape and you just take a look at what people are saying when they see that incident on tape --I think I'm doing great with the Hispanics and Hispanics are great people. I have thousands who worked for me. Tens of thousands over the years. Uh, just at Doral, I own Doral in Miami. And just in Doral alone, I have probably eight 900 Hispanics working for me. Uh, I have many, many Hispanics, they are phenomenal people.I'm just saying that in the case of Mexico, we're being treated very badly. We have a trade deficit of $58 billion, and they're being, they're treating us very badly. They can stop the drugs from coming in if they wanted. Mexico can stop the drugs from coming in to our country. I won New Hampshire, the state of New Hampshire, and I said to those people because they told me, the No. 1 problem they have is heroine pouring in from the southern border.I said if I get elected, I'm gonna stop it. I won in a landslide in New Hampshire, you saw that. When you look at beautiful New Hampshire, then you say their No. 1 problem is heroine. Well, you have a huge drug problem in Wisconsin, everybody does and it's pouring in through the border. I'm the only one that's gonna stop it. A politician's all-talk, no action guys like Cruz, he's all-talk.Uh, these are not people that can stop it, believe me. All he can do, all he can do is talk. And he frankly, in my opinion, he doesn't talk very well. And he's under great pressure because he's losing badly and he doesn't react well under pressure. I've seen that and all you have to do is take a look at the debates.Every one of the debates, the poll said I won every single debate. And he's a politician, all he does is debate.We've had eleven debates. According to the polls, I've won every single debate. I don't think we can be asked any more questions that we haven't been, same question, same people. Everybody knows, they know what they're getting. With me, we're gonna get great trade deals, we're gonna have a strong military, we're gonna take care of our vets, we're gonna get rid of Obamacare, we're gonna have a great country again.With, with any of these politics, and remember this, very importantly, I'm self-funding my campaign. I'm putting up my own money. These guys, Cruz and, and what do we have left now? Kasich, right? They're getting their money from special interest groups. They're getting money from lobbyists. Those lobbyists have total control over these people.What's good for the country, they often won't do because their special interest group doesn't want them to do it. With me, I'm only here. Look, I don't know, I think I'm gonna win, I'm doing very well but, if I don't a lot of people said, "Why do you even do this? Why do you do it? You have a great life.You have a great family. You have a lot of money. You own one of the greatest companies in America." My companies' phenomenal. "You have built one of the greatest companies in America." and they say, "Why do you do this?" I do it because I wanna give back. I'll tell you something, we have a country that's in serious trouble.We have a President that doesn't want to say radical Islamic terrorism. He is the one who acknowledge what's happening to us and all over the world. I do it because I wanna give back, because I think I can give back something that nobody else can. And the beauty of it is, I'm funding my own campaign. So Johnson and Johnson and all of these big pharmaceutical companies and all of these big oil and gas companies like to support Cruz, and all of these big companies have nothing to do with me. I don't, you know, I don't need to do anything for them 'cause they gave me nothing.I didn't take any of their money.I became a politician [Inaudible] myself. During my life I've had a lot of fun, I've been a lot of victories, mostly victories, almost all victories, but I've had a lot of victories. I've had a lot of fun. I go to shows like Howard Stern, who's actually a much different guy in person than he is on the air but, and I do lots of things and never think that there's gonna be a politician and believe me, if you've got a guy like Cruz, uh talking to his friends or his buddies at the table.If you've got a guy like Kasich, talking here and they act like oh they're so, so innocent, they're wonderful people. If you got a Kasich talking to his friends and his buddies at the table or on the golf course, which he says that's what he does, he watches golf all the time on television, which is wonderful.Let's see what they said, OK, let's see what they said.When you need help, the people are gonna be able to come in. When you can't get people, they're gonna come in, but they're gonna come in through illegal method. When you need help, we have the same thing up in the wine country in California. And when they need help, those people who gonna come in, they're gonna show, they're gonna get them and they're gonna have them, and they're gonna come in legally and it's gonna be a wonderful system.They're gonna come in legally. But we are people coming in all over, right now we have 179,000 illegal criminal, criminal immigrants. These are criminals. These are people convicted of crimes and they're all over the United States and we're having whether it's Kate in San Francisco or Jamil in California, we're having killings, murders.We're having things, the, the 65-year-old veteran, female veteran who was raped, sodomized, and killed by the illegal immigrant. We're having killings all over this country and now on top of it, we're starting to take over people from Syria and we don't know if their ISIS related. We don't know who they are, where they are.There's no documentation and Trump is gonna stop it. Now, maybe people think my stance is tough. I said we have to have a temporary ban on muslims, and now people are sort of saying "Wow that's not a bad idea! When I first said it, everybody said, "No way!" When I talked about Brussels a few months ago, it's a hellhole.I said, Brussels is a hellhole, the New York Times made a big major story on me saying, "What a horrible thing to say about Brussels and then you see what happened a couple of days ago. And now everyone is saying Trump was right. I was right about a lot of things. I was right about taking the oil. I was right about Osama Bin Laden because I talked it out of him before he blew up the World Trade Center.I was right about a lot of things and I think I have a blood-better handle on this. And by the way, I'm right about NATO. We have NATO and we're giving countries a free ride. We are, really -- NATO is obsolete. It's old, it's flat, it's sloppy and we are giving -- and it doesn't talk about terrorism. And we're giving countries a free ride.We are taking countries and we are paying a totally disproportionate share. We are $19 trillion, it's gonna be soon 21 trillion 'cause of that horrible budget that was just passed, the Omnibus budget. And I want to tell, you what we have with NATO is a disgrace and we can also go into the United Nations, that would be nice.I don't care if he doesn't. If he doesn't, he doesn't. I'm saying, I think, until we find out what's going on, we have to get, look, the man is wise guy, horrible human being that was caught last week. He was living with all of his friends. He was staying a few doors down from where I grew up. They all knew he was there.Everybody admits, they all knew he was there. They never turned him in. Why did they never turned him in? They should have turned him in. Instead the cops found him by luck and go in shooting. Now, why didn't they turn him in? Why didn't the people in San Bernardino, who killed 14 people in California, why didn't their neighbors say that there were bombs all over their property.There were bombs all over that apartment. Their neighbour's saw the bombs. Why didn't they say, "Hey wait a minute, these people have done really bad things. There happened to be many bombs all over the floor of the apartment." That's not a normal situation. Why didn't they turn him in? We got a really big problem with radical Islamic terrorism and until our country realizes it and until our president is willing to talk about it but he's gone now.He's out of it. I don't think he knows what he's doing. I mean our president is grossly incompetent and I don't think he has any clue what he's doing. But until he's willing to mention the name of -- of the problem, you can just I mean, we're gonna have, and this is a problem that is getting bigger and bigger, and worse and worse, and mark my words, it's gonna get a lot worse before it gets better unless I'm elected president.I will stop the problem. OK, we're gonna go. Sorry.Thank you, everybody. I'll see you at the speech.Thank you.we've got into a very much higher degreeof finishes and marbles and fixtures andbathroom fixtures windows etc so we arereally want to make this one of thegreat hotels of the worldI think it's coming out that way and Ithink when it's completed you'll be veryproud of it it's a great thing for thecountryit's a great thing for Washington as youknow the building was sitting fallow formany many decades actually but it wasfor many years it was a magnificentbuilding there were tremendous fights asto whether or not it would stay up andgroups got together and they just wouldnot allow the government to take it downand it's at and then they went out tobid and something happened where itdidn't work out and it's been many manyyears so we started it about a year anda half ago and will have a finished wayahead of schedule we're very proud of iti think again you will you will be veryproud of it as people that love thiscountry I think you're gonna be veryproud of itthese are just some of the staff that wehave some of the construction workerswill have probably really close to athousand construction workers on thesite including off-site work forinstance the windows which are landmarkmuch of the building is landmark thisarea is well landmarked the walls goingup her landmark the struts over yourhead right now land it's all a verystrong landmark situation we worked withthe various landmarking groups who wereterrific really really professionalpeople and they are they love thisbuilding i can tell you the exterior ofthe building is well granite and in somecases it's four and five feet thick andthey don't build them like that anymorethat I can tell you they don't buildthem like that anymore so with that allbeing said if you have any questionsplease raise your hand yeswe owe it has nothing to do with thisbut that's ok we met with Senatorsessions and some of the great people inWashington and you pretty much know whowas there i would imagine and we had agreat meeting we had a really goodmeetingyeah well I don't have a list of but wevarious various centers yeah varioussenators and congressmen we can providea list for you for like okayno not at all no no we're very inclusiveand frankly Jeff and some of the otherpeople just invited a small group andyou know we're doing very well it lookslike we're doing very well in Arizonaand very well pretty much every placeelse and I think we're gonna maybeeasily make that number of the 1237 weshould make it pretty easily based onwhat I'm seeingso we won't have to worry about fightingat a convention yeswell I think I'm very different thanHillary Clinton to put in modelingI think we have a very different style Idon't think she'll be one that's goingto do much with our trade agreementswhich are killing our country peoplehave no idea how important that is themoney that is being drained out of ourcountry is enormous and that's not herthingit's totally my thing I think she'll bevery very weak on the military I thinkshe'll be very weak with other franklywith other countries and the amount ofmoney we subsidize them with ourmilitary which nobody even talks aboutso you know we have to make our countrysolvent and we have to make our countryfrankly rich if we're going to save allthese things and we have to rebuild ourmilitary is in very bad shape it's beendecimated just decimated over a periodof years and we've got to get the rightequipment not the wrong equipment we'vegot to get equipment that isn't therebecause of political experience andpolitical know how we want to get theequipment they really want not theequipment that they getting becausepoliticians have access to certaincompanies and we're gonna rebuild ourmilitary and I think that's going to bea big difference also is nothing aboutmy policy which you wouldn't knowanything about ither policies obviously didn't work whatyou have to do is look at Libya look atanything you want to look at and theyhaven't worked and i think if you lookback at my projections and myprognostications they turned out to bevery very accurate Sarahwell i'm gonna make speeches about twohours so well like I also said nice yeahi said a lot of said remember I saidthat I want to look into it I want tospeak to governmental people in Israeland here i want to speak to varioussenators and various people includingSenator Jeff Sessions who's highly Jeffis highly respected and actually TedCruz I think respected more than anysenator and he thought he was going toget endorsed by jeff Sessions and hedidn't jeff Sessions endorsed me whichwas a very big endorsement and Ted Cruzstill doesn't believe what happened hecouldn't believe it because they worktogether and you know doesn't say muchabout somebody when you have almost noSenate endorsements you have Lee but youhave almost no Senate endorsements andyou work with the people all the time sowe work very very closely with manypeople but jeff sessions we work closelywith top people from Israel and i'mgoing to be making a speech about it alittle well not so much involved i saidi want to make you know before I was acertain questions i said i want to makea decision i'll announce it in thenot-too-distant future that's what i'mgoing to do today at about five o'clockok yesthank youwhen you talk about here we are doingsomething that actually already we haveit very much involved why what are youlooking for what kind of position comeup here just heart goodhe wanted my new job interview we needpeople are you so what's your experiencein front of the worldwell I design i do Reese I do all typesof decoration and you like this buildagainok so here's what I'm going to do is themen stand right over here like if we canmake a good deal in the salaryshe's gonna probably have a job okayalright good have a good time thank yousweetie thank you good thank you stillnice really niceyesjust to start getting together with someof the people that I've known over theyears politicians in just about allcases they were senators or congressmanjim demint was there we have greatrespect for and some others and we justhad a really good meeting just a meetingand think they can't believe how farwe've comebecause you know i think a lot of peoplemaybe wouldn't have predicted that Ithink people that know me did predictthat but some people would not have andit was really just a meeting at thebeginning meeting but it was a very goodone with a lot of the most respectedpeople in WashingtonokGideon india i had been like it is verysimple have more votes than anybody andif you take away the fact that i had 17people we had 17 people that i was goingagainst and add some of that back andHillary essentially had one we start offwith 17 have more votes than anybodymore votes have come in the primaries tome than anybody else and you know theproblem with the country right now it'sso divided and people like ElizabethWarren really have to get their acttogether because it's going to staydivided and then include celery andprobably includes me close everybodythis country has to get together becausewe're in serious troublewe're sitting on a big fat financialbubble we own 19 trillion dollars andit's going up rapidly 221 trillionbecause of the budget and we have amilitary that needs money we haveeverything that needs money and we haveto we have healthcare that doesn't workObamacare is not workingnothing works our educational systemwere ranked last in many cases soeverybody has to get together and getitself if they don't get together we'renot going to have much of a countrythose bastards yeah I didn't hear thisone since i didn't hear anythingwell I'm going to find out about it Idon't know anything about his religiousbeliefs honestly but I will find outokay i know the pastor and he's in avery respected personyes huhstrangeI felt good about her I tell you what Ilooked at her I said she you know i havegot instinct ok and we're allowed tohave that and I looked at her and sheasked a question and it was a verypositive question she looks like she'sgot a great look and she's look at thatwith the tearshow nice she's just a good she justseemed like a good person to me justseems like a good person to make nowmaybe she won't qualify because you haveto qualify for but I think she willI think she to me looked like a goodperson I've instincts about people forinstance i had an instinct about youoriginally that you're very finereporter and I was rightok now I I she made an immediateimpression and while i agree it's a bigaudience she's going to become asuperstar to Marshall move out toHollywood look at herdon't leave me okay go aheadokblack on a lot of weight and get a breakon Super Tuesday 1425 ended really wellin ohio and if I would have had two moredays in ohio i wouldn't want itoh we have a lot of people falling wehave so many people calling and in termsof Delegates a lot of the delegates thatyou're hearing about want to come withus they want to come with us I thinkwe're gonna get a lot of Delegates andpeople see you know that some people aresaying we're going to be a 1450 quite abit higherwe'll see i'm looking hey the worst thathappens I go back to this which isn'tsomething you know not so bad but Ithink we're doing very very well and Ithink we will qualify over that numberand then a decision is gonna have to Imean if we're 30 short or 50 shortnobody else is going to be close i meanTed Cruz won't even be close and ifwe're a little bit short people aregonna have to decide are you going to gowith somebody and remember this i thinkthis is important when I was putting mydelegates together i had i guess westarted that must have been 12 or 14people in the raceit wasn't like I was running against oneor two people because that's easy to puttogether you know the 1,237 delegatesbut I had senators I had a great doctorI had Carly and I had many many otherpeople running so I was doing well I wasleading the pack in almost all cases butyou have other people getting fivepercent and ten percent and fourteenpercent we had a massive field so to getfifty percent in a way is a little bitunfair when you have a group of peoplethat started off at around 12 was 17 buti think by the time we got to theelections it was you know the primers itwas around 12 13 people then theystarted leaving but you know even now Imean we have two threewhere's Hillary had one much differentmuch different so and and i think iwould love the reporters if you agreewith that like you to make that point wehave a lot of Delegates I guess we'realmost up to 700 which is substantiallymore than anybodyelse but I got those delegates the hardway I got them by running against manymany different people all accomplishedall senators governors successful peoplenow we're down to threewe'll see what happens okpartybecause I'm an outsider yeah man I'm notsure I understand their senators andgovernors their congressman women andthey they are that used to this and alot of people don't like it because ihaven't taken money I don't takecampaign contributions and they want togive campaign they want to they wantcampaign contributions and a lot of thepeople the donors some of whom werefriends of mine I mean I've had donorscome up to my office or for me millionsof dollars and i said i would love totake it but i can't i'm not taking itrightI said by the way what are you gonna dois I'm gonna go with somebody else's andwhy because he said I have to becausethey want to spend their money you knowwhat the truth is that gamblers so whenI said I want your money and theirfriends but I don't want your money theygo to someplace else they do that theyare gamblers in a certain sense yesice cream factory Susanthey like dr. Carson the same runningwell I can tell you this and you knowwhen he called me and he came over andwe met and it was you know we've had agood relationship when it once I got toknow him he got to know mehe's a fine man a fine person with agreat family so we'll be talking to benCarson about a lot of things helpwell that's great i like I'm going totell them write another thank you apiece of it yeah announced a piece ihave actually many more about it i gavethem fade page onei know i use various people but I usedalso my son-in-law Jared where's jaredis here someplaceJared you know his wife is about twominutes away from having a baby so he'shere he's going to AIPAC where's Jaredhey Jared and jared is the spoke to manyof his friends from Israel and we put ittogether with a lot of really greatpeopleIvanka's about i mean probably today ortomorrow she's having a baby so jared isgetting ready get going okayit doesn't mean that i'm going to usewhat they're saying but I do likedifferent opinions he has a differentopinion but i do like different opinionsok yes go ahead yes yes I'll always beinvolvedabsolutely chinese tourists will beinvolved investment i don't need theydon't have to give me their money butthe tourists are certainly we want toursfrom Chinayeah goodwhat we're gonna see what happensno i don't think so i think that i thinkwill do fine in utah wasn't one of thestates that we were projected to win butyou know I had one speech there and itwas massive we actually turned away over5,000 people you saw what happened and Ithink will do well there wasn't estate iwas really going out to Arizona but Ihave a lot of friends in utah so westopped and we made a speech and we hada great response to it i think i'll do Ithink I'll do very nicely thereyes go ahead I don't know I don't know Imean yeah there'll be some that we won'tmake yeah go aheadwhat I don't think they'll leave Nateowner i think they may leave the EU yeshaving a lot of problems i think that Idon't want to make a comment about theuk's leaving but I think they may leaveit based on everything i'm there a lotI have a lot of investments in the UKand i will tell you that I think theymay leave based on everything I'mhearing IRAyou'd have to ask them I just think theymay leave yeah go aheadto give immigrants voting status to voteagainst me and ahead of Mexico wants todo that if I were the head of Mexico Iwant to do that toookay because we're gonna bring it backwe're gonna bring it backlook we have a tremendous trade deficitwith mexico 58 billion dollars we havetremendous problems coming across theborder you know Mexico could stop it oneday we're gonna build a wall anyway butof Mexico wanted they could stop that inone day you know how tough it is tobecome a citizen of Mexico one of thetoughest places on earth and get overhere you have a baby on the land in yourcitizen congratulationsokay try that in Mexico you know they dothey laugh at you in your face so now Icould understand why the officials inMexico would want people to vote againstme but I tell you the Mexican peoplelike me and if you look at the Nevadapolls that just came out and if you lookat the exit polls in Nevada the state astate that i want one of many you take alook at those poles we do very very wellwith the Hispanics yeah go ahead backstatements to oppose your fantasy whatconfidence that's providedwhat's a very fair question because Inotice he's having means but he calledme last week he couldn't have been nicerhe was very just could not have beennicerI have tremendous and many millions ofpeople behind me we want to bringconfidence back to the country we wantto bring sanity back to this country andwe want to do a lot of great things andand to be honest with you theRepublicans should be embracing lookthere is something happening with ourcountry that's never happened to theextensions happen now millions ofadditional people are going out andvoting and primers and you know in theDemocrat case they're down 35% nobodycares about Hillary and Bernie in termsof voting down 35% we're up seventy twopercent and it looks like even much morethan that I mean some states are up overa hundred percent and pets because of menow they can play games and they canplay cute i can i can only take him atface valueI understand duplicity I understand alot of things but he called me last weekhe could not have been nicer I spokewith mitch mcconnell he could not havebeen nicer if people want to be smartthey should embrace this movement Timemagazine calls it a movement spent onthe cup want to be smart if they don'twant to be smart they should do whatthey're doing now and the Republicansare going to go down to a massive lossand all of these people these millionsof people that are coming out to votefor me because you look at SouthCarolina I was I wasn't supposed to winSouth Carolina and I wanted a landslideI wasn't supposed to win Nevada i won ina landslideI wasn't supposed to win many of the setI want the whole South look at Alabama Imean we're getting close to fiftypercent with a lot of candidates thatwas when you had even morethis is great and let me tell you ifthey don't win you're gonna haveprobably for and could even be fiveSupreme Court justices approved thatwill never allow this country to be thesameit'll take the hundred years but thatwon't work so they better be careful andI certainly but it should be carefulwith third-party stuff if Trump gets itwe're going to start a third-party wellthird-party means that the Democrats aregonna win almost certainlyyou can't be that spiteful you can't bethat's rifle because you'll destroy thecountry third-party would destroy thecountry i'm gonna be someI've already shown into a lot of peopleand you know a lot of people are therelike a little bit worried about whichjudges i want a very supportive i wantto we're going to have a conservativevery good group of judges i'm going tosubmit a list of Justices potentialjustices of the united states supremecourt that I will appoint from the listi won't go beyond that list and we letpeople know because some people say wellmaybe i'll appoint a liberal judge I'mnot appointing a liberal Church but I'mgonna have a list of 10we're working on it already heritage isfoundation and others are working on italreadyand with you know some thoughts of ofmine I've already named a couple of themand that i think would be probablybetween seven and ten judges that Ithink will be meet the highest standardsthe highest standards and from that listwill pick Supreme Court judges and I'dmake that pledge because I want peopleto understand that is the single biggestproblem with look at it would beterrible losing the election because thecountry's going in the wrong directionbut if the new president is a Democratand pics very liberal people thiscountry is in big big troubleok Tom god you have to see what happensi think i'll get the votes first of allI mean I think I'll get the votes willsee what happens maybe i won't i have ateamthis it's a professional team i'll giveyou some names later but it's it's atop-of-the-line team I think that wewill win without that and everybody saysif he gets the votes to get some of us Ithink will do well I think we're gonnahave a big night in Arizona and we'llsee it's a lot of that's a lot of usjust like I said we're going to winFlorida a lot of people said how do youbeat the face of the Republican Partydon't forget i watch your show and youdid a show on Rubio i have no problemswith them but you did a show for fivemonths ago and Rubio and you said he isthe future of the Republican Party he'sthe face so Trump won against the 20pointsthey're 67 counties I 166 which isunprecedented it's never happened beforeI think we're gonna do well in ArizonaI hope to do well in Wisconsin and ihope to do well in a lot of other placesbut i think we should be able to put itawaylet me just tell you I ran 67 cap orwhatever we have 21,000 people in nearPhoenix we had 6,000 people into sonover the weekend and both in the sameday both with very short notice 21,000peoplethey blocked the road these areprofessional agitators they blocked theroad they use foul language they put upsigns using the f-bomb and all sorts ofwords that were horrible these and thatgood people the people that aresupporters are unbelievably good peoplethe incident that took place in Tucsonwith the gentleman who I understand wasin the Air Force I haven't found out toomuch about it yet but I hear you had avery fine record in thethen a certain finger on a hand he wastalk to horribly and he was also lookingat somebodythe Klux Klan and he happened to beafrican-american the person who was asupporter and it was a shame whathappened but you know what he saw amember of the Ku Klux land and youpeople don't write that you know it'sinteresting it's interesting because atthe beginning of the news cycle early inthe morning they showed the klu kluxklan guy walking updidn't see that anymore you just sawthat the man hitting and I said is not ashame they took it out of the cyclewhich he did person you know you did itit's terrible this is anafrican-american man who was a supporterwho is a great family and he has hadenough and i'll be honest with you inthis countrythis country have had where we're losingour jobs they've had enough we're losingall our tradeI mean you look at these trade dealsthat we have they've had enough whereour military can't beat Isis they've hadenough with the increases in Obamacarewhere you have 35 45 and 55 percentincreases and Obamacare and youdeductable so high that even healthinsurance so people in this country arefed upok market three biggest threats you knowhonestly mark III don't see threats isee people that are trying to go againstyou but i guess you have that in life nomatter what you do whether in politicsand that I think they're very misguidedI think the people that go against meshould embrace what is you had in lifeno matter what you do whether inpolitics and not because they're goingto millions of not reporting the peoplenever that go against me should embraceme and i'd embrace them very easily theyshould embrace me because I broughtmillions i mean you've reporter onthere's never been they have said inyour circles there has never been anevent like that like what we're doingthrough in the history of politicsI've had people that you know very wellsay in the history of politics we havemillions and millions of people all overthe world they're talking about it andto be honest with you markthey should embrace it but they don't sothat would be a threat if they don'tembrace it that's always a threat you goahead sirwell I saw today you know I've had lookagain jeff Sessions and others haveendorsed we have some great congressmanI watched him on television now a lotand they have endorsed me and we have alot of people coming on i will say thisi don't want to drive you folks crazybut people that are watching that areagainst me aren't really against mebecause they're calling me I've seenpeople on television we have to stopDonald Trump we have to stop and theywere on the phone with me an hour and ahalf before they want to set up ameeting you have a lot of people outthere that you think are against me andit's just politicians they want to makea deal they want to come in and theywant to be part of itpeople really do want to be part of ithow much they have to embrace what'shappeningwe have people many Democrats are comingoverthat's why we're gonna be HillaryClinton so I'm gonna be if I'm runningit i'm going to Peter we have Democratscoming in I mean what do we have moretwenty percent of the Democrats comingfor the last for the last primary twentypercent were Democrats but we haveindependence coming and vast numbers andthe most amazing thing we have many manymany people you wouldn't think therewere this many people who have nevervoted before they never voted beforeSarah you know that and I see it whatI'm doing the rope line the signings orthe shaking the handsI mean every 15 person says mr. TrumpI've never ever voted i mean i'm talkingabout 30 year old men 40-year old women50 60 70 my oldest is 93 years old fromTennessee she's never voted before thisincredible woman they actuallyinterviewed a couple of you and she's soand excited and she's going to be voting93 years old from Tennessee so I justtell you that there's something that'samazing that's happeningthe other thing is we're gonna getstates that the other Republicans cannever even think of like MichiganMichigan is not in the road of you knowif you look at itOhio is a state we have to win rightyou have to win Florida you have to winVirginia you have to win Pennsylvaniadon't talk about Michigan because theysay you can't even think about itI think we have a good chat New York NewYork values ok remember New York valuesyou think Ted Cruz is gonna win New YorkI don't think so if you in New York it'sover because it's got so many delegatesso I think we have a chance at winningnew york and various other states with awin that nobody else can win that makesit a whole different contests but thinkin terms of michigan i want Michiganreally bigdon't forget Kasich was out in Michiganhe stayed there he slept there heactually made the statement that if hedoesn't want Michigan he's gonna leavethe race he was so sure of Michigan andhe lost Michigan a landslide to me soI'm gonna win Michigan and I'm going toin other states that no other Republicancandidate can win that from theElectoral College standpoint throws thisthing much it makes it a much differentdealok one or two maryeah well I want i don't have to factorof respect for the test i wanted a ussome moneyI think Israel do that also yeah I thinkIsrael do with their many countries thatcan pay and they can pay weakly I meanwe're supporting South Korea ofthousands of television sets a year fromSouth Korea there a behemotheconomically everytime North Korearaises its head they do anything theysneeze we start sending the ship's theplanes everything else we don't getproper reimbursement for them now I likeSouth Korea have property in south koreai like it i have a lot of friends inSouth Korea they can't believe they getaway with it to be honestgermany can't believe it you know reallycan't believe in Saudi Arabia I mean wehave Saudi Arabia the richest countrywhen you no matter how you cut itthey were making out and tell this untilyou know recently but now they're makinghalf which is still they were making abillion dollars a day and we subsidizethe military it's ridiculous it'sridiculous and they wouldn't be thereexcept for us this is how we're gonnaget our wolfpack this and other thingstrade dealsokay yeah one more question one morewho's got a good horsejust a quick question is my favorite forsure i want that relationship witheverybody better with Russia yeah I likethat relationship with everybody goodno i don't think so i think the mediaunderstand if we can get approaches forinstance about we think that's very nicethat has no effect on the other than ifwe get along with Russia that's verygoodif Russia wants to spend millions ofdollars a day dropping bombs on Isis I'mokay with it you know i'm ok with thatsome people don't like it they said nono that's our jobit's an old chap it'sit's let let Russiaif they want to do that I'm offered no Iwant to get along with all countries andwe will get much better you look at whatChina is doing in the South China Seathat is so disrespectful to obama andour countryyou just take a look look what they'redoing in the South they are building amassive military complex and yet they'redraining us for money they're takingmoney out of our countrywe're rebuilding we are rebuilding chinaso now i want to get along with allcountries and you know the interestingthing we'll do much better with allcountries and yet we'll get along withthem better toook ok go ahead real fast guymany of the people that you see thatthey say they're not supporting Trumpwant to support mewell that's because a lot of money tojoin the team or as they say the Trumptrain but a lot of them but i just wantto know what you'll be seeing over thenext sugar too many of the people that iwatch on television that are supportingsomebody else are really supporting meor they wanted to put they will as soonas we say yes but you're gonna see a lotof peopleok backyeah we'll look at that look it's gonnabe pro-life we're going to look at thatwe're gonna look at intellect veryimportant like we want very very smartpeople we want conservatives on theSupreme Court but we're gonna be makingup a list of from seven to 10 ppl i willbe distributing that list in the verynear futureokay thank you very much everybody thankyou thank you very much[Music]Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much, everybody. This was an amazing evening. This is a great evening. They just announced North Carolina. I don't know if they've announced Illinois yet but we're leading by a lot, so I think they're gonna announce it. Florida was so amazing. And I want to thank our friends, Northern Marianas Islands have been so incredible and we picked up nine delegates this morning.I heard very early in the morning, nine delegates, that's a lot. And I just wanted to thank the Governor Ralph Torres, great guy. Chairman Ada [ph], who is a fantastic man and that was a very nice start to the day, that I can tell you. Many things have been happening over the last short period of time. CNN was very nice.They came up with a poll. The poll said 49% to 14 and 15. We just had one from The Economist, just came out, 53%. And it's sort of interesting because I was watching the news a little while ago and one of the commentators, who I'm not particularly fond of, but these are minor details, said, "But Donald Trump doesn't get over 50%.", because I'm at 43, 45. Actually, now, according to the economist I'm at 53. And I have to explain to these people, they don't understand basic physics, basic mathematics, basic whatever you want to call it. When I don't get over 50 -- we have four people, right?We have four people. Do you understand that? So when I get 53 -- and this one is an example, I have 53 and that's with four people, that's an amazing achievement just mathematically when you can get over 50%. So, someday -- someday they're gonna understand. Someday when we -- when we take it all they'll understand, but it is really ridiculous.I want to thank my family. My boy Eric and Don, they've been working so hard. [Applause] Ivanka and Jared have been amazing. Ivanka's home right now. In about two minutes I'll call her. She is about ready to have a baby, so I don't know. We've sort of think -- we've been thinking about that now for a little while, but Ivanka has been so helpful and jared has been amazing and it's been just great.I want to thank Baron for putting up with the fact that I'll never see him anymore, and I want to thank Baron. I never seen my Baron and it's his birthday on sunday so we're very happy about that. So it's a little tough, you know, we're going away. Because what are you going to be? Come home, daddy. When are you coming home?I said, "Well, in about two-and-a-half weeks." It's pretty tough. You're traveling all over the place, it's really amazing. Yesterday I went up to Ohio, I went up to Youngstown. It -- we had an incredible crowd and just amazing people in this country. We have so, so many great people. We will, someday, in the not-too-distant future, if I win, otherwise it's not gonna happen, I have to be honest with you.But Apple and all of these great companies will be making their product in the United States, not in China, Vietnam and all of -- And we're not going to be losing our companies, you know, our companies are leaving our country rapidly, rapidly. Whether its Carrier or air conditioning, whether it's Ford, whether it's Eton.I was in Cleveland and Eton Corp., they're leaving, and so many companies are leaving and frankly, I'm disgusted with it. And I'm tired of seeing it, and there's no reason for it. It's just gross incompetence at the highest level. We should not allow it to happen. Pfizer, great companies, pharmaceutical company, they're going to Ireland and there's so many more.You have corporate inversions. You have -- people can't get their money back into the country because the politicians can't get along ,they can't make a deal. Everybody agrees, Democrat and Republican. Everybody agrees, the money should come back. There's two and a half trillion dollars outside of this country.Everybody agrees that the money should be here and the politicians for three years haven't been able to make a deal. And we could make a deal. There's an example of something that you could do if I sat down with a few of the senators, a few of the congressman. You could make a deal on that in 10 minutes if you knew what you're doing, because everybody wants to do it. And companies are actually leaving our country to get their money, not only because our taxes are too high, which we're going to lower, by the way, but companies are leaving our country in order to go and get money that's their money.Because there's no way of bringing it in, so we've got a -- we've got a long way to go, but I think at some point it's going to get done. This has been very exciting, this whole process. We started, I was one of 17 people. Senators, governors, I've had such great support. Dr. Ben Carson, the other day endorsed us, and great guy, wonderful man.Chris Christie endorses, that was so incredible. And today Pam Bondi came up and endorsed us. She was great and she is a truly wonderful -- a truly wonderful woman, and the job she's done in Florida is incredible. You know, so many, they -- we've had such incredible support. Paul Ryan called me the other day, tremendous call.I spoke with Mitch McConnell today, we had a great conversation. The fact is we have to bring our party together, we have to bring it together. We have -- we have something happening that actually makes the Republican Party probably, the biggest political story anywhere in the world. Everybody's writing about it, all over Europe, all over the world they're talking about it. Millions of people are coming in to vote.This was an example of it today. Many, many more people -- I'm looking at the polling booths, I'm looking at different polling booths all around the country where it's up and the lines are four, five six-blocks long. And the woman -- one woman was in there, for 40 years she's been working the polls, and she said, "We have two people here, we have three people.Now look at the line.", and the line looked like it was, you know, long, it was really long. Five deep and long, and it's just a different thing. We have a great opportunity and the people that are voting are Democrats are coming in, independence are coming in and very, very importantly, people that never voted before it's an incredible thing.I want to pay my respects, by the way, to Todd Palin, Sarah's husband, Sarah was here she was incredible, she was making his speech on my behalf. And fantastic everybody loves her and what happened is she was in a very bad accident. He's tough as nails, he's going to be fine, but I just want to pay my respects, by the way, to Todd and so -- So our team, when we started -- and Milani and I came down, yes sit down, everybody, please.I mean, this is Mar-a-Lago, we give you sits and not to stand, I'm looking at all these people. Corey good job, Corey, good job. and hope and our whole -- our whole squad, right? So when this began, Melania and I, and I said, "Got to do it.", and she was so supportive and she's been so supportive, it's been amazing.And we have to do it, we came down the escalator and it was about trade and it was about borders. And what happened is, pretty quickly, after that, and we were -- we shot right up, I shot right to the top of the polls and have been leading in the polls almost from the beginning, without fail. We went up in June, most people said I'll never run, I used to just gonna have fun, he's having a good time, this isn't necessarily -- I'm having a good time.I would -- you know, having a very nice time, but you know what, I'm working very hard and there is great anger, believe me, there is great anger. One of the broadcaster's were saying, "Is there anger?" and I said to my -- You know, I supposed to say, "No, there's not. We love the way things are working.We love the deal you made with Iran, it's wonderful. You give them $150 billion, we get nothing." We love all the deals. The trade deals are wonderful you lose $500 billion a year with China. We lose $58 billion a year. Terms of -- In terms of imbalance, it's a total imbalance. We don't make good deals anymore we don't win anymore.As a country, we don't win anymore. And they asked, "Is there anger from your people? There seemed to be.", and I said, "There is anger." They're not angry people. But they want to see the country properly run, they want to see borders, they want to see good health care, they want to see things properly taken care of, they want our military rebuilt.Our military is in a very bad state, they want it rebuilt. Very, very importantly. And they want the Second Amendment, by the way, protected and protected strongly, and that's going to happen. And you know what they want so badly? They want our veterans taken care of. Our veterans are treated so badly. So we started and something happened called Paris, Paris happened.And Paris was a disaster. That was -- there been many disasters but it was Paris, and then we had a case in Los Angeles, where it was in California, where the 14 young people were killed and it just goes on, and on, and on and what happened with me is this whole run took on a whole new meaning, not just borders, not just good trade deals we're gonna make the best trade deals you've ever seen.We've got such endorsements from Carl Icahn and the smartest people in business, and these people are going to be negotiating our deals and they're the best in the world, we have the best business people in the world. They gonna know -- we're gonna have such great deals. We're gonna do so good with trade, we're going to do so good on the border, but it took on a whole new meaning and the meaning was very simple, we need protection in our country and that's going to happen and all of a sudden the poll numbers shot up, and I'm just very proud to be a part of this.I think we're going to go and we're gonna go a lot of trips over the next month, but I think we gonna have a great victory, and I think, more importantly than anything else, we are going to start winning again. This country is going to start winning again, we don't win anymore. We don't win with our military, we can't beat ISIS, we're gonna knock the hell out of them.We don't win -- we don't win a trade. China, everybody, Japan, Mexico, Vietnam, India, name the country, anybody we deal, anybody we do business with beats us, we don't win trade, we're gonna win a trade. We're gonna make our country rich again, we're gonna make our country great again, and we need the rich in order to make the great, I'm sorry to tell you.So -- so I'm going forward, we had a fantastic evening, I would have never thought this could have happened, I guess we're waiting for one result, which possibly will be very successful also. But to win the states that we wanted to win by the margins, and especially, look, this is my second home, Florida.To win by that kind of a number is -- is incredible. [Inaudible] And I have to -- and I have to say it, I have to say it that, number one, I want to congratulate Marco Rubio on having run a really tough campaign. He's tough, he's smart and he's got a great future, he's got a great future. But I have to say and nobody has ever, ever, in the history of politics, received the kind of negative advertising that I have.Record, record, record. By the way, mostly false, I wouldn't say 100% but about 90%, mostly false, vicious, horrible, they said was 18 million the first week, meaning last week, and 25 million, it ended up to over $40 million. And you explain it to me because I can't. My numbers went up, I don't understand it, nobody understands it. My numbers went up. I mean, it's been an interesting experience.Last week, Adam Scott won at Trump National Doral, won the big tournament, the world championship of golf. And Adam, who's a great guy, and I guess a lot of you folks saw that, but I'm watching, we have television screens all over, we're down at this gorgeous green at Doral and everything is working beautifully, and then a commercial comes on, the worst commercial, and I'm with these wonderful people from Cadillac and all these top executives, and I'm saying, "Look over there.Look. Don't watch it. Don't. Don't you want to watch it." I'm saying, "Don't -- Our -- Isn't the grass beautiful? Look. Look. Don't watch.", and they came in waves. One after another, after another, and it was brutal. And then Adam comes in with this handsome kid from Australia. One of the greatest golfers in the world made an unbelievable shot on the 18th hole to win the tournament.He's a great champion, and we're giving the award and just before -- "We break for a commercial. We'll be right back with our great champion from Australia, Adam Scott." And here's the commercial. I said, "No!", and it was two of them, two of them. Oh, what a day that was. What a disaster. What a disaster.Unbelievable. So again, I just want to congratulate everybody. This is a really interesting process. It's an amazing process. It's very tough but it is a -- by the end, if you get to the end, you can handle a lot of things including pressure, that I can tell you, because there's nothing like it. Lies, deceit, viciousness, disgusting reporters, horrible people.Sure, some are nice, some are nice. Some -- some really disgusting people back there [Inaudible] And I just want to say, we're going to go forward and we're gonna win. But more importantly, we're gonna win for the country. We're gonna win, win, win. And we're not stopping. We're going to have great victories for our country.Thank you very much, everybody. [Applause] Thank you, thank you.Well, thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. It's a great honor and last night's debate was it fun. It was different. It got wonderful -- there were a lot of good feelings in that room and I think it's something, frankly, that the Republican Party needed. And today is something very, very special because Dr. Ben Carson, who is respected by everybody -- everybody wanted his endorsement and everybody loves him, and truly truly admires what he's done.His life has been an incredible life. It's been an inspiring life. And I just want to tell you that having his support, really -- I think it's just total credence to what I'm trying to do and to what we're all trying to do. So I just want to introduce Dr. Ben Carson, a special, special person. Special man.Thank you very much. [Applause]Thank you very much, Ben. And Ben and I were talking lengthily yesterday and it was an amazing conversation. One of the things that I realized is, his great love is education and he was telling me things about education, and it was so right on and it was so good, and it's such an important element for our country.And I said, Ben, congratulations you just have to get involved with us with education because our educational system in the United States -- as you've heard from my speeches,, we're ranked at the bottom of the pack worldwide and yet we spend the most money per pupil. By far the most money. It's not even close.Second doesn't even exist. So Ben is going to get very much involved in that and he's going to get very much involved in health care, where he's an expert. And even during the debates I'd always know Ben -- when it came to health care and talking about health, Ben was in, really, a class by himself. So it's such an honor to have Ben.He's a friend. He's become a friend and I really appreciate the endorsement Ben, thank you.Any questions folks? Yes? David.No. No. And I thought it was lovely because when Ben called he didn't say, oh, would you do this? Would you do that? He just wants to help and he feels strongly about what's happening. And you see the kind of crowds we get. We get crowds that are amazing and record-setting. I don't think there's ever been anything like it. Well, I mean, it's on the cover of every magazine.There's never been anything like it. So, Ben sees that and Ben's going to have a big, big part. I can tell you, Ben -- maybe Ben doesn't even know this yet but Ben's going to have a big part. He's -- we want to keep -- that kind of talent, we want to keep. Yes?I probably do agree. I think there are two Donald Trumps. There's the public version and people see that, and I don't know what they see exactly but it seems to have worked over my lifetime. But it's probably different, I think, than the personal Donald Trump. I think Ben would say that. Ben said it very well today.So perhaps there are two Donald Trumps but -- well, I -- you know, I'm somebody that is a thinker. I'm a big thinker and I have my ideas and they're strong and, you know, typically they've worked out. And what I want to do is -- you know, the theme -- and Ben alluded to it. The theme that I have for this entire campaign is Make America Great Again.That's what I want to do. Very simple. I want to make America great again. We have so many problems, whether it's military, whether it's trade, whether it's borders, whether it's terrorism. We have so many problems. The debt. You know, you look at our debt. $19 trillion going up to $21 trillion in a very short fashion.So, we're going to -- we're going to straighten things out and we're going to straighten them out correctly.Dr. Carson's both. Dr. Carson is both. But he's going to be very much on policy. Ben was always very strong on policy and he's going to be very much on policy.Yes, go ahead.We have been called by the biggest people in politics. Not only Republican politics but also the biggest people in Republican politics, and over the last couple of weeks. You saw Paul Ryan reached out and -- terrific guy. I've always respected him. I've always liked him. And not necessarily agree on everything because I'm very strong on borders and very strong on security.And I think Paul --- I think Paul is -- you know, I think he's going to have his views and I think, probably, certain things will change. But Paul Ryan reached out and we had a great conversation. And many other people at the top, top level. I sort of get a kick. I see you covering one person who's saying Donald Trump must be stopped and I talked to him two days before and he's saying, Donald, we have to come together.We've been contacted by many of the biggest people in Republican politics.Well, I'm reaching out but -- but they're really reaching out to us because they see what's happening. You know, we're getting millions and millions of people, additional people. People that the Republican Party has never had before. It's the biggest story. I said it last night at the debates. The biggest story in politics is what's happening.We are having millions and millions of people come up and vote for the Republicans. They get out, they register Republican. I've had so many people tell me, I've never voted Republican in my life. I left the Democrats in order to register as a Republican so I could vote for you. Independents. Democrats. And you see it, we're up 65%. More than that.Millions of people more. And that's what I'm saying. The Republicans now want to embrace it. I mean I see it. They want to embrace it. Tom?We have to get rid of ISIS.Let me tell you, we're going to get rid -- and they're going to get back real soon. We have to get rid of ISIS. It's going to be up to the generals. We have to get rid of -- but the generals are going to be able to play their own game. I want to find out I have the right general. I want to find out we have the right general, Ben, right?We don't want to have the wrong general talking to us. But we're going to find the right general. We're going to find the right guy or person or woman.No. Going to be very quick. It's going to be very quick. We're very powerful. We don't use our power. Yes?Well, it's a funny thing. I was thinking about it yesterday and -- because I have such respect for Ben. And if you notice -- I mean the CNN poll came out, 49 to 15. How do you like that Ben?He wouldn't have been happy. But, if you noticed, during this whole thing -- nationally, I'm talking about. Because, ultimately, you know they say national isn't as important. Well, ultimately, I guess it's probably the most important. So CNN comes out, 49 to -- a couple of days ago, 49 for Trump and 15 for the -- for the -- two others, I think, were at 50. The one person that just kept sneaking up on me, I couldn't lose him, was Dr. Ben Carson.I could not lose that guy, and I was doing well. And, you know, Trump would be at 28 at -- at that time. And I remember when it was 28 and Ben was 18 and then he was 19 and the next week it was like 22, and I said, whoa, whoa. What's happening here? I don't like this. Right? And then he was 24 and then I had a pretty good poll where I took a little lead in one and -- but then what happened is -- it was, I believe NBC, Wall Street Journal -- who always gives me bad polls by the way, I have to tell you.I always have bad polls. Oh, thank you for the nice things you always say about me. You are so nice. Thank you. Sitting next to David. OK? Thank you very much. Always so nice. Now she's going to be bad because she's embarrassed. But I just want to thank you. So Ben -- so Ben would always -- like, he'd be there.And then we had one poll where Ben went ahead. It was the biggest story worldwide. I said, this guy is unbelievable. And so I started going after Ben. And it's politics. I mean, Ben understands it. And I was really impressed with the way he fought back because he fought back with silence and strength. And I even commented on it. Somebody else would have gone -- you know, this -- they would've gone well.He has great confidence in himself and I was very, very impressed. And it is true. He's the one person I -- you know, I use the expression, I couldn't lose him. I couldn't shake him. He did so well and just go up, up, up so steady, so solid. And I fought back and I hit him hard and he -- which is politics and Ben understands.And he understood that because I've talked to him about it yesterday. But -- but he handled it with such dignity. I, frankly, thought it was amazing. I actually gained a lot of respect for him. OK.So -- but -- so on that point though, Mr. Trump, you talked about the two Donald Trumps, that there may be -- Dr. Ben Carson brought that up. When you say things like, you know, I want to punch a protester in the face or when you said the things about Dr. Ben Carson, is it just politics or you -- is it -- are you planning on character there or --No. It's -- it's -- it's politics and it's fact. Let me just tell you, we've had some violent people as protesters. You know, they're not just people saying, oh -- these are people that punch. These are people that are violent people. I get the biggest crowds by far. Not even a contest. And, you know, you people don't like to report it. But, actually, the one thing good about protesters is you have to go -- go into these stadiums, these massive stadiums with 25,000 and 30,000 people, and you have to -- at least you see because the cameras never turn.Hey, Ben, the cameras never ever turn and show the stadium.I always say, turn and show how the stadium -- they don't. But when there's a protester up in the corner it's great because the cameras all turn. That's the only way -- because, you know, it's -- it's a negative as opposed to a positive, so they turn. But we've had a couple that were really violent and a particular one, when I said, like to bang them.That was a -- a very -- you know, he was a guy who was swinging -- very loud and then started swinging at the audience. And you know what? The audience swung back. And I thought it was very, very appropriate. He was swinging. He was hitting people and the audience hit back. And that's what we need a little bit more of. Now, I'm not talking about just a protester.This was a guy who was -- was -- should not have been allowed to do what he did. And frankly, if you want to know the truth, the police were very, very restrained. The police have been amazing. But the police were very, very restrained. OK. Yes?No, they did not.I just think it was time. It was time. It was very substantive last night. I said before, it was a very elegant debate. It was very substantive. It was -- Ben came in and he said, it was really a very beautiful debate last night. It's gotten great reviews as a debate. I won't tell people that I won. Even though I did win, let me just say.I refuse to say that. Time magazine, 80%; Slate, 84%; Fox, 91% at Fox. I don't believe it. Newjersey.com, 81%. So, I mean, we had a debate last night and I think I did what I had to do, actually. But -- but it was -- I don't know. You know, we've had enough debates in my opinion. We've had debates every -- these debates have been like -- like -- Vince McMahon should have put him on because they were WWE and too much.And I think that it really -- I think last night was something that was very important that it come off like that. And we didn't speak -- and the candidates didn't speak about it but it just sort of morphed into a very dignified debate. Yes?Yeah, go ahead Sarah.Accept what?Well, I don't think so. Because I wouldn't be taking money. If anything, the party would be taking money. I'm not going to take any money. I don't want money but the party might take money. It's up to the party. That's really up to them. It's not up to me and it's something I haven't given much thought to. You know, I've self-funded my campaign.I put in -- I guess I'll be in for $50 million, $60 million at a minimum. Right now -- you know, I am somebody that's a business person and even when I don't -- the money is sort of irrelevant but I have a natural instinct to be a little bit careful with money because that's the way I am. That's the way we have to be with our country.I expect to have, you know, tremendous amounts of money in this by the time we finish. I guess, right now, I'm into -- you would know better than me. Maybe $30 million, maybe more. But other people are in for $150 million and they're nowhere. They're out of the race. So I'm very proud of the race we've run.You know, we've -- somebody said, you know, he's only been doing this for eight months. But I know the system better than anybody. And the reason I know because I was on the other side of the system. So when they talk about campaign finance laws, when they talk about all of these different things, I've been there.I know it much better and I know it from the real side, not from the politicians side. Yes?Good job last night, by the way.Well, it's -- it's an interesting question. I don't like to over-analyze myself. But -- but I will tell you that I try and be, you know, who I am. I want to be honest. Certain questions are asked of me and I give a straight answer as opposed to a politically-correct answer. I know the politically-correct business better than anybody.No, I don't think so. I'd like to -- I answer truthfully. Look, we're at a point where we have to start being truthful with our country. Like the question on Islam. I'm answering the question and I could -- I know the exact answer. I could have given an answer the other night to Anderson Cooper, which would have been perfect and nobody would have been talking about it. It would have been fine.But there is a problem and we've got to find out what the problem is. We have to solve the problem. And you're not going to solve the problem unless you know there is a problem. So I want to answer questions honestly and forthrightly, and even if I'm on a big stage with all of these tremendous numbers of cameras around, I have to answer honestly.It's the only way we're going to solve the difficulties of our country. Yes, go ahead.I don't think there two Donald Trumps. I think there's one Donald Trump. But, certainly, you have -- you know, look, all of this and you have somebody else that sits and reads and thinks. And I'm a thinker and I have been a thinker. And perhaps people don't think of me that way because you don't see me in that forum but I am a thinker.I thought it was very nice, what Ben said, actually. Because it is another side of me. I'm a very deep thinker. I know what's happening. OK?Well, I'm going to work with Ben on -- on so many different things and -- I'll be honest, when I was with Ben yesterday, the thing that most impressed me -- I know all about his views on health care because I've heard them and I've always felt that he knew more about it than the other people on the stage.And perhaps he should because that was what he was doing but I was most impressed with his views on education. It's a strength and it's a tremendous strength. And so Ben's going to be involved with us in any aspect he wants to be but, in particular, on those two subjects. OK. Yes, go ahead.It depends. You know, you can't say. I -- I didn't go there as a toned-down person. I went and whatever happens, happens. You have to be able to be -- to swing with the punches. And, you know, to be honest with you, I went there -- I didn't know if I was going to be -- if I was hit, I would have hit back.Now, there are those people that said to me -- I was telling Ben yesterday, there were those people that said, it doesn't matter. Let them call you names. Let them do whatever they want. Stand there and take it. You're leading. You've got a substantial lead. Nobody is going to beat you. Don't do anything.And I say, I can't do that. When somebody hits, I have to hit back. So, I thought they were very respectful yesterday. I thought, frankly, everybody did well. I thought it was a -- you know, I used the expression -- I thought it was a very elegant debate last night. Yeah, go ahead.Mr. Trump, two quick things. You said earlier that you felt we've had enough debates. There is, potentially, another debate scheduled on March 21st. Is your suggestion to the RNC, at this point, guys we've had enough --I think we've had enough debates. I think -- I mean, how many times do you have to give the same answer to the same question? Do you agree with that Ben? I mean, the same question, same people, same everything. I think, you know, it would be nice to finish off with this one. I thought CNN did a fantastic job last night.I thought that Jake was a great moderator. It was just -- it was just a really nice way to finish off the debate season. But I thought -- I really think it's enough debates. I don't think there's any reason for the debates. I know they're getting very big ratings. And by the way, the Democrats are not getting ratings at all, and our debates are getting very, very big ratings.But, you know, one of those things. I think we had enough. The network -- look, the networks want them. I don't think any of the candidates want them at this point. The networks very much want them.Yeah.Well, when I said embrace, I was saying that the Republican Party should come together and embrace these millions of people that are going down and voting. Millions. You know, South Carolina, New Hampshire. No matter where it is, it's the millions and millions of people. We've had -- I was going to bring down a list, and I said I didn't want to bore you people, but we've had some states that are up 102% from four years ago.102%. There's something happening that's really beautiful to see. And these are people in many cases -- as I said last night, these are people that have never voted. Ben, I have people coming up, they said, -- and I'm talking about 40, 50, 60, 70 years old. So many people. They say, Mr. Trump, I've never voted before and they've got a trump shirt on. I mean, they never put a political shirt on in their lives.They weren't political people. They never had confidence in the people that they were voting for. They said, I've never -- I have had so -- I mean, literally, when I shake hands with people or when I sign autographs, people are saying, I've never voted before Mr. Trump. But I am so proud to be voting. And some people go early voting.It's been an amazing thing. And what I said to the Republican Party -- the establishment, if there is such a thing. I guess I used to be a member of the establishment eight months ago. But if there is such a thing -- I'm not sure that there is. But I said, embrace it instead of fighting it. Instead of fighting me like this -- you know, these people from Club for Growth.They're -- these are people that came to my office, they asked me for $1 million. I said, who are they? I don't even know who they are. They asked me for a million dollars. And I said, well, let me think about it. Then I found out who they are and I said, I'm not gonna waste a million dollars. Why would I give them a million dollars?And as soon as I said that, they started doing negative ads. They went negative on me. If I would have given them a million dollars, they wouldn't be doing negative ads. They're extortionists. They're extortionists, that's all they are. And I look on television I see negative ads which are all wrong. The the ads are lies, by the way.But -- but, you know, so that's what you have. We should embrace it. The Republican Party should grab this and we will have a victory like the Republican Party has never had before. One of the things Ben and I were talking about, I will win Michigan. That's not in the playbook for the Republican Party. I think I have a chance to win New York.That's not in the playbook. Can you imagine if you win New York? You know, they always talk about the six states you have to win. The Florida, Virginia -- you know, just go down the line. Pennsylvania, Ohio. You have to win certain states. If you lose one of them, it's over for the Republican Party. The fact is, the structure -- structurally, it's much more difficult for somebody to get elected from the Republican Party.Everybody knows that. With me, I and a lot of states that aren't even in play for anybody else. I mean I add all of the Rust Belt states. I own state -- I own states that -- I will get states that are unbelievable, that are unthinkable for the Republican Party. And we should embrace it. All right. A couple more, I think, we'll be having.Well, Ben knows the education. He knows what's going on and I'm, personally, very much opposed to Common Core. I like local education. Ben feels very much the same way. And I think Ben is going to do a tremendous service for helping the states because, you know, we want to see it. There's great love in education and when you circle those schools, with the parents and the teachers and everything else, instead of some bureaucrat in Washington, you're going to do a lot better.OK.I have not yet. I'm sure I will but I have not yet. I have not yet.I'm sure that will change. Yeah?It's true. That there's a big disconnection between the so-called leadership. I don't even know what the leadership is. I can't define the leadership because nobody knows what it is. But there's a big disconnect between the so-called leadership and the people. But the people, to me, are much more important because they're the ones doing the voting.That's why I'm standing up here today and other people aren'tThe Republican Party lost its way. They've lost two elections that they should have won. Certainly, the last election they absolutely should have won easily. That should have been an easy victory. In my opinion, much easier than the one we have coming up. And they lost. So, the Republican Party lost its way.The Republican Party, now -- something has happened. Call it a miracle. Call it whatever you want to do but they're talking about it all over the world. It's the biggest story in all of politics. One of the big stories of the world. The millions and millions of people that are pouring into the Republican Party.Not to the Democrats, to the Republican Party. And these are people that were disenfranchised. These are people that haven't had a pay increase in 20 years. These are people that have seen their jobs go to China, and to Mexico, and to Japan, and to Vietnam, and to every other country in the world but us. It's going to all end.It's going to end.Believe it, it's going to end.Well, one of the things we're going to do --Yeah. Let me talk about the Democratic voters, as you say. It's actually the Democrat voters. And I will tell you, one of the things we're going to do is we are going to get so many Democrat -- that's already been proven. So many Democrats have come and signed registration forms for the primaries where they're voting for me. They left.They said they've never done this and left. You know, they had a -- an expression, Democrats for Reagan, years ago. We're gonna have Democrats for Trump but it's gonna be much bigger. We're gonna get tremendous numbers of Democrats. I have people in Hollywood, friends of mine saying, you know, everybody out there is voting for you.But they're not going to admit it. I say, why? Aren't you proud? No, because I have a tough stance on crime. I have a tough stance on borders. They all know I'm right but they're liberal people, they don't want to admit it. But you know what? They're going to vote for Trump.Well, I think we'll do it without a convention. I hope we're going to do -- without going down into the convention, without having a fight. But I do feel, and I said it strongly, whoever has the most delegates at the end of this trip should win.Well, I'll prepare, but I'm hoping to prepare -- we're going to have a, I think -- look, Ohio is -- should be great for me because they're losing tremendous numbers of jobs. You've seen what's happened with the coal industry in Ohio.I think I'll beat John Kasich, yeah. I mean, John Kasich has been an absentee governor. He's been an absentee -- he's been campaigning for the last -- he lived in New Hampshire. In fact, Chris Christie said that, absolutely, John Kasich was there much more than him, which is true. And John Kasich then went, as you know, to other states.To different states. Very big in South Carolina. He was there. He didn't win. Didn't win in New Hampshire, right? Didn't win in Michigan. He guaranteed Michigan. He said, I will win Michigan. And I thought he said -- you could correct me if I'm wrong but I thought he said, if I don't win Michigan, I'd drop out.Because Michigan's his neighboring state and I won Michigan in a landslide. And he's -- he was living there. So John has been, you know -- not really there. And John's got some innate problems. He's very much in favor of Trans-Pacific Partnership, TPP. That will be the destruction of Ohio. And now that the oil is down -- you know, Ohio got lucky because they struck oil and the budget of Ohio went up more than any budget in the entire United States.Higher than any budget. But they got lucky because oil was under their ground, as opposed to some states where they don't have the oil. Now that the prices of oil are down, Ohio's going to have a lot of problems. OK, maybe one, more two more. Go ahead.I didn't know there was a next debate. I thought we had our next debate last night. No? They have yet another --Look, there's been a ratings bonanza. And I would -- I would do debates, frankly, if the networks agreed to give all of the money to the -- let's say to the Wounded Warriors or to the veterans. But the networks are making a fortune on these debates. The ratings for the debates are through the roof. But you know what?Can I be honest with you? I think it's time to end the debates. No, I didn't know about a debate in Salt Lake City. Yeah.Well, I'd rather not say but I've been hearing from virtually everybody in the Republican Party, and they're congratulating me and they're saying we're going to get together.They want to embrace it. Look, they're not -- these are not stupid people. These are very smart people. They want to embrace it. What are they going to do? Take millions of these voters? Do you know that if you look at the polls -- and people are telling me this every time. When I went to Nevada, which we won, and I went to -- you know, all of them.Every people -- the people that work in the polling areas, they've been there for 20, 25 years. They love it. You know, they do it. They're political people. Every single time I go they say, Mr. Trump, we've never seen anything like this. You go to Nevada they'd say, we'd stand here and the place would be empty all morning long and now you'd have lines that are five blocks long.It's really been an amazing thing. Yes, ma'am, go ahead. Absolutely.Right.Right. Very, very much so.Well, Hillary's terrible on trade. First of all, she has no business instinct. She doesn't have the energy or the strength to get the right trade deals made. Let me tell you, you need strength, you need stamina. You need a lot to get these deals done. They come at you in waves. And to do these deals, where they wrap them up and they put 12 countries in one -- TPP is an example.I want individual trade deals with individual countries. Some deals we'll make that will be so good. Some countries treat us better than others. Some are worse. China will take advantage of TPP. It's not in it now, but believe me, they will come through the back door. They're watching it so closely. I have so many friends in China.I have great respect for China. I'm not angry at China. I'm angry at our people. We have a trade deficit with China this year, $500 billion. It's unsustainable. No, we're going to change our trade deals. We're going to make great deals. We're going to become a rich nation again. We cannot become a great nation until we become rich again.You know, we can't afford Social Security. We can't afford anything. I'm going to save Social Security. There are so many things we can do. It's going to go quickly too. OK. Yes?So, thank you all very much. Thank you very much. Great honor. And go outside we have coffee and drinks. Enjoy yourselves. Thank you.One of the biggest political events anywhere in the world is happening right now with the Republican Party. Millions and millions of people are going out to the polls and they're voting. They're voting out of enthusiasm.They're voting out of love. Some of these people, frankly, have never voted before — 50 years old, 60 years old, 70 years old — never voted before. We're taking people from the Democrat Party.We're taking people as independents, and they're all coming out and the whole world is talking about it. It's very exciting. I think, frankly, the Republican establishment, or whatever you want to call it, should embrace what's happening. We're having millions of extra people join. We are going to beat the Democrats. We are going to beat Hillary or whoever it may be. And we're going to beat them soundly. [applause]Because nobody knows the system better than me. I know the H1B. I know the H2B.Nobody knows it better than me. I'm a businessman. These are laws. These are regulations. These are rules. We're allowed to do it. And frankly, because of the devaluations that other countries — the monetary devaluations that other countries are constantly doing and brilliantly doing against us, it's very, very hard for our companies in this country, in our country, to compete. So I will take advantage of it; they're the laws. But I'm the one that knows how to change it. Nobody else on this dais knows how to change it like I do, believe me.I will. First of all, I think and I know the H1B very well. And it's something that I frankly use and I shouldn't be allowed to use it.We shouldn't have it. Very, very bad for workers. And second of all, I think it's very important to say, well, I'm a businessman and I have to do what I have to do.When it's sitting there waiting for you, but it's very bad. It's very bad for business in terms of — and it's very bad for our workers and it's unfair for our workers. And we should end it.Very importantly, the Disney workers endorsed me, as you probably read. And I got a full endorsement because they are the ones that said, and they had a news conference, and they said, he's the only one that's going to be able to fix it. Because it is a mess.I think for a period of a year to two years we have to look back and we have to see, just to answer the second part of your question, where we are, where we stand, what's going on. We have to sort of take a strong, good, hard look and come up with plans that work. And we're rushing into things, and we're just — we're leading with the chin. [bell rings] We're leading with people that don't know what they are doing in terms of our leadership. I'd say a minimum of one year, maybe two years.Education through Washington, D.C. I don't want that. I want local education.I want the parents, and I want all of the teachers, and I want everybody to get together around a school and to make education great. And it was very interesting, I was with Dr. Ben Carson today, who is endorsing me, by the way, tomorrow morning, and he is...[applause] We were talking. We spoke for over an hour on education. And he has such a great handle on it. He wants competitive schools. He wants a lot of different things that are terrific, including charter schools, by the way, that the unions are fighting like crazy. But charter schools work and they work very well. So there are a lot of things. But I'm going to have Ben very involved with education, something that's an expertise of his.You're right, Jake. But it has been taken over by the federal government. It was originally supposed to be that way. And certainly sounds better that way. But it has all been taken over now by the bureaucrats in Washington, and they are not interested in what's happening in Miami or in Florida, in many cases. Now in some cases they would be. But in many cases they are more interested in their paycheck and the big bureaucracy than they are taking care of the children. [applause]Well, first of all, I want you to understand that the Democrats, and I've watched them very intensely, even though it's a very, very boring thing to watch, that the Democrats are doing nothing with Social Security. They're leaving it the way it is. In fact, they want to increase it.They want to actually give more. And that's what we're up against. And whether we like it or not, that is what we're up against.I will do everything within my power not to touch Social Security, to leave it the way it is; to make this country rich again; to bring back our jobs; to get rid of deficits; to get rid of waste, fraud and abuse, which is rampant in this country, rampant, totally rampant. And it's my absolute intention to leave Social Security the way it is. Not increase the age and to leave it as is.You have 22 years, you have a long time to go. It's not long in terms of what we're talking about, but it's still a long time to go, and I want to leave Social Security as is, I want to make our country rich again so we can afford it. I want to bring back our jobs, I want to do things that will make us, that will bring back GDP...I mean, as an example, GDP was zero essentially for the last two quarters. If that ever happened in China. you would have had a depression like nobody's ever seen before. They go down to 7 percent, 8 percent, and it's a — it's a national tragedy. We're at zero, we're not doing anything. We've lost our jobs. We've lost everything. We're losing everything. Our jobs are gone, our businesses are being taken out of the country. I want to make America great again and I want to leave Social Security as is. We're going to get rid of waste, fraud, abuse and bring back business. [applause]Because they don't cover most of the subjects. We're the policemen of the world. We take care of the entire world.We're going to have a stronger military, much stronger. Our military is depleted. But we take care of Germany, we take care of Saudi Arabia, we take care of Japan, we take care of South Korea.We take — every time this maniac from North Korea does anything, we immediately send our ships. We get virtually nothing. We have 28,000 soldiers on the line, on the border between North and South Korea. We have so many places. Saudi Arabia was making a billion dollars a day, and we were getting virtually nothing to protect them. We are going to be in a different world. We're going to negotiate real deals now, and we're going to bring the wealth back to our country. We owe $19 trillion. We're going to bring wealth back to our country. [applause]Well, I don't know if he's saying that. Look, I'm just saying very simply we have a country that I've never seen anything like it. I've been going over budgets and looking at budgets.We don't bid things out. We don't bid out, as an example, the drug industry, pharmaceutical industry. They don't go out to bid.They just pay almost as if you walk into a drug store. That's what they're paying. And the reason is they have a fantastic lobby.They take care of all of the senators, the Congressmen. They have great power and they don't bid out. The military is never properly bid. When we go out to military bids, it's not properly bid. And the people that really sell us the product are oftentimes the product we don't want, only because that particular company has political juice, OK? I'm self-funding my campaign. Nobody is going to be taking care of me. I don't want anybody's money. I will tell you something. We're going to go out to bid in virtually every different facet of our government. We're going to save a fortune. [applause]Yes. If you look back to Iowa, Ted did change his view and his stance on ethanol quite a bit. He did and — at the end. Not full on, but he did change his view in the hopes of maybe doing well. And you know, I think everybody knows that. It was a front page story all over the place, and he did make a change.Well, that's fine. First of all, Ted was in favor of amnesty. So there's no question about that.And Sheriff Joe Arpaio recently endorsed me and there's nobody tougher on the borders than Sheriff Joe. And Jeff Sessions, one of the most respected Senator in Washington, an incredible man, also endorsed me. And there's nobody that knows more about the borders than Senator Jeff Sessions. I would say this. We're all in this together. We're going to come up with solutions. We're going to find the answers to things. And so far I cannot believe how civil it's been up here. [applause]Well, first of all, I don't really think that. I think that I hold views that are very similar to many of the people. We are more inclusive.And if you look at the polls and if you look at the millions of people that have been pouring into the polls, it's, again, the biggest story. You look at all of these people that are coming in, something is happening. I am different in one primary respect, and that's trade.I feel that we have had horrible negotiators, horrible trade deals. The jobs in this country are disappearing, and especially the good jobs. You look at the recent jobs reports, which are really done so that presidents and politicians look good, because all of these people looking for jobs, when they give up, they go home, they give up, and they are considered statistically employed.So that's that. But I will say, trade deals are absolutely killing our country. The devaluations of their currencies by China and Japan and many, many other countries, and we don't do it because we don't play the game.and the only way we're going to be able to do it is we're going to have to do taxes unless they behave. If you don't tax certain products coming into this country from certain countries that are taking advantage of the United States and laughing at our stupidity, we're going to continue to lose businesses and we're going to continue to lose jobs. And if you look at the average worker over the last 12 years, their salary and their pay have gone down, not up. It has gone down. And I think that's why there has been such an outpouring of love to what I'm saying.The 45 percent tax is a threat. It was not a tax, it was a threat. It will be a tax if they don't behave.Take China as an example. I have many friends, great manufacturers, they want to go into China. They can't.China won't let them. We talk about free trade. It's not tree free trade, it's stupid trade.China dumps everything that they have over here. No tax, no nothing, no problems, no curfews, no anything. We can't get into China. I have the best people, manufacturers, they can't get in. When they get in, they have to pay a tremendous tax. The 45 percent is a threat that if they don't behave, if they don't follow the rules and regulations so that we can have it equal on both sides, we will tax you. It doesn't have to be 45, it could be less. But it has to be something because our country and our trade and our deals and most importantly our jobs are going to hell. [applause]Jake, I have to say — honestly, it's just the opposite. What will happen if they don't behave, we will put on a tax of some amount, and it could be a large amount, and we will start building those factories and those plants. Instead of in China, we'll build them here.And people will buy products from here, rather than buying it through China where we're being ripped off. And we have a $505 billion trade deficit right now. So we'll build our factories here and we'll make our own products. And that's the way it should be done. And the way we've been doing it for the last long period of time is our country — our country is in serious, serious trouble. It's a bubble and it's going to explode, believe me.I mean a lot of them. I mean a lot of them.Well, you know, I've been watching the debate today. And they're talking about radical Islamic terrorism or radical Islam. But I will tell you this. There's something going on that maybe you don't know about, maybe a lot of other people don't know about, but there's tremendous hatred. And I will stick with exactly what I said to Anderson Cooper. [applause]Marco talks about consequences. Well, we've had a lot of consequences, including airplanes flying into the World Trade Center, the Pentagon and could have been the White House. There have been a lot of problems.Now you can say what you want, and you can be politically correct if you want. I don't want to be so politically correct. I like to solve problems.We have a serious, serious problem of hate. [applause] There is tremendous hate. There is tremendous hate. Where large portions of a group of people, Islam, large portions want to use very, very harsh means. Let me go a step further. Women are treated horribly. You know that. You do know that. Women are treated horribly, and other things are happening that are very, very bad. [bell rings] Now I will say this, there is tremendous hatred. The question was asked, what do you think? I said, there is hatred. Now it would be very easy for me to say something differently. And everybody would say, oh, isn't that wonderful.We better solve the problem before it's too late.Let me go back to the other just for a second. In large mosques, all over the Middle East, you have people chanting "death to the USA." Now, that does not sound like a friendly act to me. As far as the families are concerned, and as far as the law is concerned, we have a law — this all started with your question on water boarding.We have a law that doesn't allow right now water boarding. They have no laws. They have no rules.They have no regulations. They chop off heads. They drown 40, 50, 60 people at a time in big steel cages, pull them up an hour later, everyone dead. And we're working on a different set of parameters. Now, we have to obey the laws. Have to obey the laws. But we have to expand those laws, because we have to be able to fight on at least somewhat of an equal footing or we will never ever knock out ISIS and all of the others that are so bad. We better expand our laws or we're being a bunch of suckers, and they are laughing at us. They are laughing at us, believe me. [applause]First of all, there's nobody on this stage that's more pro Israel than I am. OK. There's nobody.[applause] I am pro-Israel. [booing] I was the grand marshall, not so long ago, of the Israeli Day Parade down 5th avenue. I've made massive contributions to Israel.I have a lot of — I have tremendous love for Israel. I happen to have a son-in-law and a daughter that are Jewish, OK? And two grandchildren that are Jewish. [applause] But I will tell you, I think if we're going to ever negotiate a peace settlement, which every Israeli wants, and I've spoken to the toughest and the sharpest, they all want peace, I think it would be much more helpful is — I'm a negotiator.If I go in, I'll say I'm pro-Israel and I've told that to everybody and anybody that would listen. But I would like to at least have the other side think I'm somewhat neutral as to them, so that we can maybe get a deal done. Maybe we can get a deal. I think it's probably the toughest negotiation of all time. But maybe we can get a deal done.And, by the way, just so you understand, as far as Iran, I would have never made that deal. I think it's maybe the world deal I've ever seen. I think it's the worst deal I've ever seen negotiated. I will be so tough on them and ultimately that deal will be broken unless they behave better than they've ever behaved in their lives, which is probably unlikely. That deal will be broken.If I become president of the United States, one of the things that will be an absolute priority is number one, protection of Israel, but also seeing if a deal can be made, the toughest deal, the toughest negotiation there probably is of any kind no matter where you look, no matter how hard you look. But I would like to give it a shot. Very, very pro-Israel, nobody more pro-Israel.But I would love to give it a shot. And I have to tell you this, Hugh. I have friend, Israelis, non-Israelis, people from New York City that happen to be Jewish and love Israel, and some are very tough people, every single one of them, they know it's tough, but every single one of them wants to see if we could ever have peace in Israel. And some believe it's possible. It may not be, in which case we'll find out. But it would be a priority if I become president to see what I could do.We really have no choice. We have to knock out ISIS. We have to knock the hell out of them. We have to get rid of it. And then come back and rebuild our country, which is falling apart. We have no choice.I would listen to the generals, but I'm hearing numbers of 20,000 to 30,000. We have to knock them out fast. Look, we're not allowed to fight.We can't fight. We're not knocking out the oil because they don't want to create environmental pollution up in the air. I mean, these are things that nobody even believes.They think we're kidding. They didn't want to knock out the oil because of what it's going to do to the carbon footprint. We don't fight like we used to fight. We used to fight to win. Now we fight for no reason whatsoever. We don't even know what we're doing. [applause] So, the answer is we have to knock them out. We have to knock them out fast. And we have to get back home. And we have to rebuild our country which is falling apart.Well, I don't really agree with President Obama. I think I'm somewhere in the middle. What I want is I want a much better deal to be made because right now, Cuba is making — as usual with our country, we don't make good deal.We don't have our right people negotiating, we have people that don't have a clue. As an example, I heard recently where the threat was made that they want reparations for years of abuse by the United States, and nobody's talking about it and they'll end up signing a deal and then we'll get sued for $400 billion or $1 trillion. All that stuff has to be agreed to now.We don't want to get sued after the deal is made. So I don't agree with President Obama, I do agree something should be — should take place. After 50 years, it's enough time, folks. But we have to make a good deal and we have to get rid of all the litigation that's going to happen. This was just a little story but it was a big story to me because I said oh, here we go, we make a deal, then get sued for a tremendous amount of money for reparations. So I want to do something, but it's got to be done intelligently. We have to make good deal.I would want to make a good deal, I would want to make a strong, solid, good deal because right now, everything is in Cuba's favor. Right now, everything, every single aspect of this deal is in Cuba's favor. It the same way as the Iran deal. We never walked — we never — all we do is keep giving. We give and give and give.I would probably have the embassy closed until such time as a really good deal was made and struck by the United States. [applause]Well, if Ted was listening, he would have heard me say something very similar. I said we would not do the deal unless it was going to be a very good deal for us. And I think I said it loud and I think I said it very clear.And I think after 50 years, and I have many friends, I own many properties in Miami, many, many, and I have many people that know and they feel exactly the way I do, make a deal, it would be great, but it's got to be a great deal for the United States, not a bad deal for the United States. As far as Iran is concerned, I would have never made that deal. That is one of the worst deals ever, ever made by this country.It is a disaster. So for Ted to say I agree with this deal, I mean, it's a staple in my speeches that that may he worst single deal I've ever seen negotiated. So don't try to put it on me like it's wonderful, like I love it.I was against the giving of the money at all cost. I said don't negotiate at all until you get the prisoners back. If the prisoners don't come back early — three years ago.One of the longest negotiations I've ever seen, by the way. If they don't come back early, I was saying don't negotiate. They come back early.What you do is you take it back and you say, either give us the prisoners or we double up the sanctions. What we should have done is doubled up the sanctions and made a much better deal. Cause that deal is a disaster. Ted, the money is largely gone because of incompetent and very, very poor negotiators. But that money, the $150 billion, is largely gone and already spent everywhere but the United States.That doesn't mean I was endorsing that. I was not endorsing it. I said that is a strong, powerful government that put it down with strength. And then they kept down the riot. It was a horrible thing. It doesn't mean at all I was endorsing it. As far as Putin is concerned, I think Putin has been a very strong leader for Russia. I think he has been a lot stronger than our leader, that I can tell you. I mean, for Russia, that doesn't mean I'm endorsing Putin.I used to think Merkel was a great leader until she did what she did to Germany. Germany is a disaster right now. So I used to think that. [applause] And strong doesn't mean good. Putin is a strong leader, absolutely. I could name many strong leaders. I could name very many very weak leaders. But he is a strong leader. Now I don't say that in a good way or a bad way. I say it as a fact.I hope not. I truly hope not. I will say this.We have 25, 30,000 people — you've seen it yourself. People come with tremendous passion and love for the country, and when they see protest — in some cases — you know, you're mentioning one case, which I haven't seen, I heard about it, which I don't like. But when they see what's going on in this country, they have anger that's unbelievable.They have anger. They love this country. They don't like seeing bad trade deals, they don't like seeing higher taxes, they don't like seeing a loss of their jobs where our jobs have just been devastated. And I know — I mean, I see it. There is some anger. There's also great love for the country. It's a beautiful thing in many respects. But I certainly do not condone that at all, Jake.We have some protesters who are bad dudes, they have done bad things. They are swinging, they are really dangerous and they get in there and they start hitting people. And we had a couple big, strong, powerful guys doing damage to people, not only the loudness, the loudness I don't mind.But doing serious damage. And if they've got to be taken out, to be honest, I mean, we have to run something. And it's not me.It's usually the municipal government, the police because I don't have guards all over these stadiums. I mean, we fill up stadiums. It's usually the police — and, by the way, speaking of the police, we should pay our respects to the police because they are taking tremendous abuse in this country and they do a phenomenal job. [applause] So we should pay — we should truly give our police. They're incredible people, we should give them a great deal more respect than they receive. [applause]It shows the total dishonesty of the press. We were having — on a few occasions, again massive crowds. And we're talking and I'm saying who is going to vote on Tuesday? Who is going to vote? The place goes crazy.Then I say, hey, do me a favor. Raise your right hand. Do you swear you're going to vote for Donald Trump? Everyone's laughing, we're all having a good time.That's why I have much bigger crowds than Ted, because we have a good time at mine. [applause] But we're all having a good time and the next day, on the Today Show and a couple of other place, not too many. Because when you look at it, everyone's smiling, laughing. Their arms are raised like this. They had pictures, still pictures of people and they tried to equate it to Nazi Germany. [bell rings] It is a disgrace. It was a total disgrace. And I've had reporters, people that you know, come up to me and said that — what they did on the Today Show was a disgrace. [applause]I think that what should happen, getting back maybe a little bit to your first question, I think that whoever — first of all, I think I'm going to have the delegates. OK? I think. Let's see what happens.[applause] But if somebody doesn't have the delegates, and I guess there's two of us up here that can and there are two of us that cannot at this moment. But if — no, that's just — by the way, that is not meant to be a criticism. That's just a mathematical fact.OK? If two of us get up there, I would say this, if — if Marco, if the governor, if Ted had more votes than me in the form of delegates, I think whoever gets to the top position as opposed to solving that artificial number that was by somebody, which is a very random number, I think that whoever gets the most delegates should win. That's what I think.Make me president. [applause]You know, I listen and I watch Ted on television and when he speaks, and he's always saying, "I'm the only one that beat Donald in six contests; and I beat him." But I beat him in 13 contests. He never mentions that. [applause] And let me just tell you another little fact, little minor fact.I have about a 1.6 million votes during this primary season, more votes than Ted. The other thing is, I beat Hillary, and I will give you the list, I beat Hillary in many of the polls that have been taken. And each week, I get better and better. And believe me, I haven't even started on her yet.I have not made that decision yet. I will make a decision on that, but I have not made that decision. My decision was that I would go through the entire primary season and I have turned down probably $275 million worth.I have many, many friends that come up all day long, $5 million, $10 million, I'm turning down money. I feel sort of foolish to be honest with you. I don't know if I get any credit for it but I'm self-funding my campaign.And other than — and by the way, other than very small donations where people are sending in $200, $15, $20, and we have some of that, but it's not a large amount. No, I'm self-funding my campaign, and the reason is that I've been in this business a long time and I was on the other side — until eight months ago I was on the or side. I made massive contributions, large contributions to politicians, both Democrats and Republicans.I was liked by everybody, which is an important thing. I will say this — people control special interests, lobbyists, donors, they make large contributions to politicians and they have total control over those politicians. I don't want anybody to control me but the people right out there. And I'm going to do the right thing. [applause]Ted was given to PACs. I mean, PACs — you know, these super PACs are a disaster, by the way, folks. Very corrupt.It's going to lead to lots of disasters. But Ted has super PACs and you have to look at the people that are giving to those super PACs, number one. It's very important to do that.There is total control of the candidates, I know it better than anybody that probably ever lived. And I will tell you this, I know the system far better than anybody else and I know the system is broken. And I'm the one, because I know it so well because I was on both sides of it, I was on the other side all my life and I've always made large contributions. And frankly, I know the system better than anybody else and I'm the only one up here that's going to be able to fix that system because that system is wrong.It depends on what comes up. You never know. It depends on what comes up.Look, look, we had a great president, Ronald Reagan. We had Tip O'Neill, speaker. And what do we do, we take these two men that are very, very different men, they got along, they had relationships, and they got things, and very beautifully.Nobody is complaining about the deals that Ronald Reagan made. And he made it with Tip O'Neill. We need to have people get together and work good deals out, good deals out from our standpoint. And I'll tell you this, it can be done. We don't want to continue to watch people signing executive orders because that was not what the Constitution and the brilliant designers of this incredible document had in mind. We need people that can make deals and can work, because right now in Washington there's total, absolute gridlock.Thank you very much. The Republican Party has a great chance to embrace millions of people that it's never known before. They're coming by the millions.We should seize that opportunity. These are great people. These are fantastic people.These are people that love our country. These are people that want to see America be great again. These are people that will win us the election and win it easily. These are people that once the election is won will be able to put Supreme Court justices up that will do a fabulous job. Because let me tell you, if we lose this election, you're going to have three, four or maybe even five justices and this country will never, ever recover. It will take centuries to recover. So I just say embrace these millions of people that now for the first time ever love the Republican Party. And unify. Be smart and unify. [applause]Thank you. Thank you very much everyone. This has been an amazing evening.And I don't think I've ever had so many horrible, horrible things said about me in one week. [Laughter] Thirty-eight million dollars' worth of horrible lies, but that's OK. It shows you how brilliant the public is because they knew they were lies and it was just really amazing to watch. And to get these kind of numbers where they call them immediately is just something very special. So I want to thank the public. I want to thank the people of Michigan. I want to thank the people of Mississippi. And it is such a great honor.And it's also really wonderful to have you at Trump National Golf Club. Jack Nicklaus did this. It's a Jack Nicklaus signature course and it's a great, great resort and place. And we have a lot of our members here, I see. [Applause]We love our members. Jack -- Jack -- by the way, Jack Nicklaus is a special man and he did a special job and we love Jack.And we have another special man, Paul O'Neill of the Yankees. Come -- stand up, Paul. Paul -- in fact, Paul, you come -- you originally come from Ohio, right? Oh wow, Paul O'Neill of the Yankees. Hey Paul, you come from Ohio? Do you endorse me? I love you. Thank you, Paul. Thank you. Wow. That's a great endorsement from Ohio. [Applause] Thank you. He's great. It looks like he could go out there right now.So I just wanted to tell you that it was really an interesting week, an amazing week. I want to congratulate a lot of people, including the candidates. I mean, this is not easy stuff. When you're -- when you're doing this it is -- it's pretty wild.And I must tell you it's very, very important, as a Republican, that our senators and that our congressmen get re-elected, that we put a good group of people together, that we keep the people that are there. We have some terrific people. Not all of them are on my side but we have some terrific people and it's very, very important. If we're going to be effective, it's very, very important.One of the things I'm most happy about is that the turnout has been just massive for every -- every week, whether it's South Carolina or any -- pretty much with New Hampshire and it really -- Iowa. No matter where you go, it's records. I think it's actually the single biggest story in politics today, what's happening at the booth and the tremendous number of people that are coming out to vote. Some of the states are getting -- in fact, one has 102 percent increase over four years ago. It's amazing -- 102 percent. [Applause]On average, you're talking about probably more than 50 percent. You're talking about millions and millions of people, whereas the Democrats are down 30 percent, 35 percent. They're down from what they were.We're up by 50 percent and even more than that. You're talking about millions of people. So I actually think it's the biggest story in politics today. And I hope that the Republicans will embrace it. We have -- don't forget, we have Democrats coming over, very importantly. We have independents coming over and they haven't done that ever, probably ever. And with all of these people coming over, we're going to have something very, very special.If win and if I get to go against Hillary, polls are showing that I beat her. And some of the polls have me beating her very easily because when you take advantage -- we will take many, many people away from the Democrats and we'll take many, many people away that normally go Democrat as independents, and we're seeing that. We're seeing that. We had people come over here who have never voted Republican, who have never even thought about it, and they came and they voted Republican.And I'll tell you another group of people that I've seen -- and I'll be signing autographs after a speech and will be talking to people and I've had many, many people say -- and it was a beautiful thing to hear it -- Mr. Trump, I'm 67 years old -- many people -- I'm 67 years old. I've never, ever voted before. I've never come close to voting before. This is the first time I'll ever vote. And that's so amazing. It's so amazing. [Applause]And they do it with such spirit. So it's really great. I want to thank the special interests and the lobbyists because -- [Laughter] -- they obviously did something to drive these numbers. I mean, we're close to 50 percent and 40 percent. No, I'm -- but I want to congratulate them because to raise that much money that quickly is a pretty good feat, right? Do we agree? No, many of them are my friends but they just have to gamble, you know? They have to do it.I want to thank Paul Ryan. He called me a couple of days ago. He could not have been nicer. He was very encouraging and I have great respect for Paul Ryan, great respect. [Applause]Ted Cruz is interesting because he's always -- I mean, he's always saying I'm the only one that can beat Donald Trump. You have to vote for Donald Trump and you're going to vote for Donald Trump and you're going to be miserable. You have to vote for me.But he's the only one that can beat Donald Trump and I've heard it so many times. And I said but he never beats me? [Laughter] I mean, take a look, he never beats me, meaning he rarely beats me. The fact is that we're going to do well. Ted is going to have a hard time -- when he gets to certain states, he's going to have a hard time.One of the things we do is we get up to New York, I'm going to do great. We get to New Jersey, I'm going to do great. Chris Christie is here some place and -- the governor of New Jersey, great prosecutor. I watched what he did to Marco. Where is Chris? He's around here somewhere. [Applause]And great prosecutor and he's -- and really when he came and called and he said I've seen this, it's an amazing thing, it's a movement. Many people have called it a movement, I mean, four covers in the last three and a half months on Time Magazine. I mean, many people have called it a movement, and part of that movement's what I said before. I mean, it's the people want to be involved.So when Chris called and when Sarah Palin called and when Jerry Falwell, Jr. called and when Joe Arpaio called -- I mean, you know when Joe Arpaio of Arizona calls that Trump is tough on the border, OK? And I don't want to be tough. I want to be fair but we're going to be - we're going to have borders again, folks.We're going to have borders. We're going to have the wall. We're going to have borders. And people are going to come to the country and they're going to come into the country and they're going to be very happy, but they're coming in legally. They have to come in legally. [Applause]Mitt Romney got up and made a speech the other day. No, it's OK. [Booing] No, no, I understood.No, no, he's a very nice man. [Laughter] But you know, I understand. Look, it's hard.When you go through this and then you get to the final gate and you don't get over it, it's a hard thing. I mean -- so I understand. But he did make some statements.And I brought some things up because he said water company is gone. I said, it is? I didn't know that. I have very successful companies. Let me just expound. I'm going to do this in about two seconds but I filed with the federal elections, 100 pages, almost 100 pages that many of the press have gone down and seen, and they were all very, very impressed. I built a great, great company. I have very low debt. I have assets like this, this is owned 100 percent by me with no debt. [Applause]You've seen Mar-A-Lago. You've seen -- and that's a 100 percent by me with no debt. I have Trump International, where you were last week; 100 percent by me and no debt.You look at Doral, where we just had the major championship -- I mean, I have a lot of things in Florida, partners with related or numerous jobs on the beach, very successful, partners with Gil and Michael Dezer on the beach, massive buildings. Nobody ever talks about this stuff. And you know, many, many jobs in New York, including the city on the west side from 72nd to 59th street, or on the Hudson River, one of the most successful projects ever built in real estate.The Bank of America building, a big chunk of it, in San Francisco, 1290 Avenue there -- many, many things.And Mitt got up -- and he really shouldn't have done it, it wasn't becoming, honestly -- and he talked about the water company. Well, there's the water company. I mean, we sell water and we have water and it's a very successful -- you know it's a private little water company and I supply the water for all my places and it's good -- but it's very good.Trump steaks -- where are the steaks? Do we have steaks? We have Trump steaks. He said the steak company, and we have Trump steaks. And by the way, if you want to take one, we'll charge you about, what, 50 bucks a steak? No, I'm only -- [Laughter] .We have Trump Magazine. Let me see the magazine. [Applause] He said Trump Magazine is out. I said, it is? I thought I read one two days ago. This comes out and it's called The Jewel of Palm Beach and we -- it goes to all of my clubs. I've had it for many years and it's the magazine. It's great. Anybody want one? Here, take one, my club champion.So -- and the airline, by the way, I sold the airline. You know, he said Trump Airline. Well, I sold the airline and I actually made a great deal, complicated and in really terrible times. The economy was horrible and I made a phenomenal deal. I had the shuttle and I sold it. I made -- you know, so I'm hearing about all of these things.And by the way, Trump University, it's -- we're holding it. When I win the lawsuit, which I'll win, the -- they did an ad -- Rubio did an ad the other day. He had two or three people and the three people were saying, oh, it was so terrible, it was -- the reason I didn't settle every one of these people -- in fact, we sent them out and the reporters don't like to report it but we sent their letters out, their report cards.Their report cards were all excellent, beautiful statements. We love it. You can't settle cases when the person suing you has given you letters, and in some cases tapes, saying how great it is.It was a very nice thing. So we're putting it on hold. If I become president, that means Ivanka, Don, Eric and my family will start it up. But we have a lot of great people who want to get back into Trump University. It's going to do very well and it will continue to do very well. But we have a lawsuit where they're trying to get -- you know, we have one of these class-action lawyers guys and it's ridiculous. But we'll win that lawsuit.And I'm -- I just want to explain. I -- and the United States should be this -- I don't settle lawsuits, very rare, because once you settle lawsuits, everybody sues you, very simple. It's like business.I teach it. When you settle lawsuits -- it's easy to settle, sometimes it's cheaper to settle, but once you settle -- I had a friend taught me a long time ago, he was sued very rarely and everybody else in the same business was sued all the time. He said, Donald, I never settle.The lawyers learn you don't settle, they don't sue. So I don't settle lawsuits. When I watch these banks, they're settling lawsuits all the time. They get paid $40 million a year, a banker, and then he settles lawsuits with governments and other people, giving billions and billions of dollars. I don't do it.So when I saw the different things -- and by the way, the winery, you see the wine, because he mentioned Trump vodka, it's the largest winery on the East Coast. I own it 100 percent, no mortgage, no debt. You can all check.You have to go check the records, folks. In fact, the press, I'm asking you, please check because you can see if there's any debt. It was the Kluge estate, John Kluge.He was the richest man in the United States. He died and he built one of the great vineyards of all time. I mean, there is nothing like it, close to 2,000 acres.It's in Charlottesville, Virginia, right next to the Thomas Jefferson Memorial, and we're very proud of it. We make the finest wine, as good a wine as you can get anywhere in the world. And I know the press is extremely honest so I won't offer them any, but if they want they can take a bottle of wine home. The members -- the members have plenty, right? The members have plenty. But we have one of the greatest -- actually, I believe it's the largest vineyard and the largest winery on the East Coast.And so I just want to -- so I want to put that to rest. So you have the water, you have the steaks, you have the airline that I sold. I mean, what's wrong with selling? Every once in a while you can sell something. You have the wines and all of that, and Trump University, we're going to start it up as soon as I win the lawsuit. Does that make sense? I mean, that's it. OK. [Applause]The -- and I want to thank my friend, Paul O'Neill, because that, to me, is a big deal. I had such respect. When Paul was a Yankee, he just didn't make mistakes, tough, smart. We could use him right now. And he just didn't make mistakes. I love that kind of a guy. [Applause]I think what this shows, really more than anything else, is that advertising is not as important, it really isn't as important as competence, because there has never been more money spent on hitting somebody than was spent on me. And between that and people saying things and, you know, Lindsey Graham goes and he's a nasty person. First of all, he's wrong on the military, he -- truly.This is why he's -- he said I've been doing this for 15 years. That's right, we've been fighting a war for 15 years with this kind of thinking. I mean, if you're going to fight a war, win the war and let's get back to rebuilding our country, OK? [Applause]But Lindsey Graham, I mean, he's been so nasty. I think he's probably a nice guy but he's been so nasty. I watch him, I say, man, does he hate Donald Trump.And I watch him and, you know, if you think about it, every single person that's attacked me has gone down, OK? I don't want to mention names. Let's not mention names, OK? They're out, they're gone. But you can take a look at virtually every single person.We started off with 17; we're down to four. Of the four, they're pretty much all gone, OK, pretty much. They didn't do so well tonight, folks, OK? I'm not going to say anybody didn't do well. They didn't do well. There's only one person did well tonight; Donald Trump, I will tell you, it's true. [Applause]I mean, it -- it was actually amazing. I was impressed. And even Megyn Kelly said, boy, Donald Trump really did well tonight. Thank you, Megyn. [Applause]Thank you. That was a very unusual -- I was shocked, actually, to hear that, but that was very nice. And Charles Krauthammer said that. He was very, very nice. Thank you, Charles. It's about time. I've been waiting like five years, Charles.But it is true. I mean, every single -- we -- I have had such hostility. Like with Lindsey, he was at 7 percent.He attacked me and we took him down to zero. He leaves in disgrace. He then goes to his own state and they do a poll in South Carolina. He endorses somebody else. And the poll in South Carolina has me at 47 percent and him at 2 percent, and he's a sitting senator. And then we went down from there. And you know what? I don't like to bring it up but I tell you, it's enough, Lindsey. Just relax, go home. Relax for a little while. Everyone knows you take this big defeat.And the problem is the press never calls them out. They go to this horrible defeat and then they go and they start immediately on the attack and it's like he never ran and made a fool out of himself. You know, at what point do you call people out? So I call people out.But it is true. They're attacked me very viciously and every single one who's attacked me is gone and I'm very proud of that because -- [Applause] -- because that's what we should have for our country. That's what we should have. ISIS should not be beating us. We don't win anymore. We don't win with our military. We don't win with health care. We don't win with anything. And we shouldn't be in a position where ISIS is dictating terms.And you know, the other day at one of the debates, the one before last, they asked Ted -- Lyin' Ted -- I call him Lyin' Ted. He holds the Bible high and then he goes down, he puts the Bible down and then he lies, Lyin' Ted. You know, he -- he'll say I'm the only one that beat Donald Trump.I said that before. I beat him. I beat him. But he doesn't say, yeah, he won, like, four and I won, like, 12 or 13, right? He forgets the other part. But Lyin' Ted -- and you know, when they say the evangelicals -- because in watching -- in fact, I was watching Carl and they said how great I did with the evangelicals and everyone was a little surprised. I'm a very good Christian. And you know, they're chipping away at Christianity and we're not going to let that happen anymore, folks. I tell you -- [Applause]And a lot of times I'll say at the rallies around Christmastime, we're going to start saying Merry Christmas again. You know, they don't say it anymore. The department stores don't put it up.We're going to start saying it again. But they're chipping away at Christianity and we just can't do it. And I'll tell you, with the evangelicals, they get it. They get it. They get me. They understand me. I'll be the best thing that ever happened to them. I mean that 100 percent. And they don't like the way Ted talks and they don't like the fact that he truly does lie. And I actually was -- I mean, lies badly.And I was actually, interestingly, little Marco helped me a lot. [Laughter] Marco -- what Marco did is in one of the debates, he screamed across me -- I was -- I've been in the center from the beginning, right? Never out of center. In fact, I always like an odd number because with the odd number I'm in the center.With an even number, like last week, I hated it because we had four people, so I'm not in the center. So we should always keep it odd numbers, right, so we're right in the center. But I've been in the center for every single debate.But Marco helped me a lot because he called Ted a liar. He said, you're a liar. That's the first time. Look, I know politicians better than anybody. They're liars, OK? They're serious liars. More importantly, they'll never get you to the Promised Land, ever. They'll never get you to the Promised Land. They won't do it because they're controlled by the special interests. They're controlled by the people that put up all this money for them to run. They're controlled -- do you know how much money was spent in the last week on me?And do you know how many times they were asking, despite the fact that they're not supposed to be talking to their super PAC, Carl, fellows, let me ask you a question. How many times do you think Marco and Ted and all of them were calling their super PAC? Is that right? It's called life. That's the way life works. They talk to their super PAC. They're not supposed to but that's the way life works.So we are going to do something. I think we're going to clean the slate. I think we're going to do really well in Florida. It's my second home. I love Florida. I love Florida. [Applause]I love Florida. It's a special place and I think we're going to do really well. I think we're going to do really well in Ohio. Now that I have Paul O'Neill's endorsement, I know I'm going to win Ohio. But I love Ohio. I have so many friends in Ohio. It's an amazing place and we're going to go and have a lot of fun. And then what we're going to do is we're going to beat Hillary Clinton and we're going to beat her badly. [Applause]We're going to beat her badly. And I think one of the things -- and then we'll take some questions -- but one of the things that really I add that's very different -- you know, we always talk about the five and sometimes six, but the five states that you have to get, whether it's Ohio or Pennsylvania or Florida, you know, if you don't get one -- because the Republicans, structurally it's much tougher. It's much tougher for a Republican to win the presidency, like by a factor of five.But I add things that nobody else can do. I have a chance of New York. Now can you imagine if you won a state as big as New York, all of those delegates? Upstate New York, I poll higher than anybody ever because they are really in trouble up there and they know that I would've done things -- they wouldn't be in trouble right now if they would've taken my advice, but they're really in trouble.But I'll get -- I'll get Michigan. I mean, I'm going to get Michigan because we're going to bring the car industry back. We're going to take it back. We're going to bring the car industry back into Michigan. I'm going to win Michigan. It's never even a question. When these candidates are talking about running, it's never even a question. Michigan's not something they even talk about. I'll win New Jersey. I'll win Ohio. I'll win Florida.I'll win Virginia. I have great properties in Virginia. Charlottesville, we just talked, winery.On the Potomac River, we have one of the great places in the world. I have 600 acres on the Potomac River, one of the great pieces of property in the world, very, very successful place. I have, you know, I have a lot of employees in Virginia. And it seems that when I have something in a location, like when I'm in Virginia and I have a lot of employees, I have great places, Florida where I have Doral -- Doral was great last week with Adam Scott, I mean, two days ago Adam Scott. How good was that? [Applause]He's a great young man and the way he won the tournament, the Cadillac World Championship. But when you have property in a state, it means you love the state. It means you have a lot of employees. You pay these employees. You take care of their health care. You take care of their education for their families. You take care of so many things and you just do well.So I think I'm going to do great there and I think I'm going to do great in Ohio, and I really look forward to it. I'm going to be working very hard between the two. And Illinois, I mean, I have one of the greatest building in the world.I mean, Chicago, I have one of the greatest buildings, rated the number one hotel in North America and I'm very proud of it. It's a great, great -- right on the river and it's a great, great building and maybe that's where we have our next news conference and, you know, maybe we'll do it right in Chicago.So let's see what the press has to ask and we'll then go home and we'll go celebrate a lot of victories. Yes, go ahead, CBS.No, I don't really because you have to win. I know how to win. I've won -- these people will tell you.Have I won many club championships? Stand up. Stand up. Stand up. [Applause] Have I won many club championships? Does Trump know how to close? You know, believe it or not, it's not so different. Winning is winning. You've got to be -- it's not easy to win club championships, believe me. And I'm not talking with strokes. I'm talking with no strokes. But the fact is I like to close -- I like to close things out.So until the last person is gone -- again, we started with a field of 17 and now we're down to four and I really want to close things out. I don't want to start thinking in terms -- I have not even focused on Hillary yet. I'm doing well. Numerous polls have me winning, but I haven't even started with her, other than four weeks ago when I actually hit her very hard because what she said was wrong.Oh, there are many cases, I mean, many cases. The case -- I have all night, OK? [Laughter] I mean, you'd have to - you'd have to go on for hours. Hillary is going to be very easy to beat.She's a very flawed candidate, very, very flawed candidate and it's going to be -- I believe it's going to be a very, very easy target, if she's allowed to run because there's a real question as to whether or not she's even going to be allowed to run. And if the government is going to do its job properly, she will not be allowed to run. [Applause] OK. Go ahead, Tom.Well, I have no message to Marco. I think that, you know, he has to make his own -- you know, it's been a tough night for him but he's going to make his own decision. I've actually had a good relationship with Marco, believe it or not. He became hostile about two weeks ago and it didn't work. See, hostility works for some people. It doesn't work for everybody, OK? [Applause, Laughter]No, but he became very hostile and, you know what, it doesn't work for him. He was better -- we would've been better off had he kept the original pitter-patter going, but this didn't work. [Laughter] Say it, Tom, a little louder.Well, I've been outspent by everybody. I mean, part of the beauty -- look, I have much more money than all of them put together times 20, OK? But I'm a businessman. I don't have to spend.Why should I spend the money? I've spent probably $25 million or $30 million. Other people have spent $160 million. You know, you have the numbers. In New Hampshire, as an example, I spent $1 1/2 million and somebody else spent $48 million. I was one, the other person was number five. Wouldn't it be nice if we had a country that worked that way, right -- right? [Applause]So -- so the CNN poll came out and I was 41 percent. In fact, I was 49 percent and second is 15 percent -- 15 percent and 15 percent. And you know, and I've spent less money than anybody else.Now, the phony Wall Street Journal polls just came out, where I'm still number one but that poll -- if you remember the poll from South Carolina, the Wall Street Journal/NBC poll was the phoniest, most disgusting poll I've ever seen, OK? I don't believe that poll and I don't know who's making up that poll but they should not pay their bill. You know, I don't do that. People say, oh, Donald Trump doesn't pay the bill.That's true. I never pay bills when somebody does a bad job. They did such a bad job during the South Carolina run.They had me practically dying in South Carolina the day before. I mean, they did that with viciousness and vindictiveness, and it looked like I was really in trouble. And then I won in a landslide.The poll was wrong. And then the following day, they came out with a national poll that was ridiculous too. So they came out with another one, NBC, Chuck Todd, NBC/Wall Street Journal. I'm saying what's wrong with them? It's not right. Now CNN came out with a poll; 49 percent a couple of days ago. They came out with a poll; 30 percent. Again, I'm still in first place but I really believe their poll is wrong. And boy, did they turn out to be wrong in South Carolina, OK? Yeah, go ahead.I'll be honest with you, I saw it. I was a little concerned with that ad until I saw it. I think it's better than any ad I've ever taken for myself.I do. [Laughter] You know why? Let me just tell you why. No, I really mean it.I really mean it. I heard about the ad and I said, oh, I'm not going to like this. But when I looked at it -- and I can be -- by the way, I can be more presidential than anybody.I can be more presidential if I want to be. I can be more presidential than anybody. You know, when I have 16 people coming at me from 16 different angles, you don't want to be so presidential. You have to win. You have to beat them back, right? And -- but I would say more presidential -- and I've said this a couple of times -- more presidential than anybody other than the great Abe Lincoln. He was very presidential, right? But the truth is that I saw that ad and people are sick and tired of being politically correct and I actually think that ad is good for me because -- [Applause]In some cases, as you know, I was kidding and I was joking. I have a big audience and I was joking, with words not so bad, by the way, but I was joking. In other cases, I was showing anger and showing a certain toughness that we need in our country.But I watched that ad and I said, you know, that ad shows a certain degree of anger, and it shows a certain degree, like, we're not going to take it anymore from all of these countries that have been ripping us off and taking our jobs and taking our money like we're a bunch of babies -- very, very stupid babies. So I watched that ad and I don't think it's a bad ad for me. I actually think if I had my choice of saying I could have it down or let it run, let it run. [Applause]Say it again?Oh, you're so politically correct. You're so beautiful, look at you. Ahh. Ahh, he's so -- oh, I know, you've never heard a little bad - a little off language. I know, you're so perfect. Aren't you perfect? Aren't you just a perfect young man? Give me -- hey, give me break. You know what? It's stuff like that that people in this country are tired of, OK? It's stuff like that. Sarah? [Applause]Say it again, Sarah, a little louder.Well, maybe at some point they will. But look, I hear $39 million has been spent. I'll be honest with you, I'm very surprised.I looked at the numbers. In Mississippi, I'm close to 50 percent. That's not 50 percent with two people. That's 50 percent with four people. That's a lot. That's shocking. That's like record-setting. Big difference, you know, if you're running, like, you're Hillary and you're running against one guy, I mean, you're running against Bernie, OK? [Laughter] And you get a 50 percent or a 52 percent or a 56 percent. That's -- I'm running against three very competent people and I'm getting 50 percent and in Michigan I'm close to 40 percent, against a big group of people.I think that -- I will say this. I am a little bit surprised that -- I was at Doral and I was watching, and I was watching Adam Scott hit that last great shot. And I went back and I was watching the news in one of the rooms and every single advertisement was about me, and it was during my tournament. I'm turning my tournament -- I go from tournament to horrible ad. Every -- the most vicious ads.I mean, one of the reasons I brought the wine out and the water out and the steak out, and more wine and more water, and I told you about Trump University, well, we'll win that case. That's going to be an easy case to win. Everybody signed a document.One of the reasons is just because of that. They hit me with this Trump University. It's not even a big case. It's -- we're going to win the case. I could settle that case so easily. I don't want to settle it. It would be easier for me to settle it. I wouldn't have all you people writing about it, but I don't want to settle it. I could settle it so easy.The fact is that, look, you have to do in life, Sarah, you have to do what's right. And if you live by principle, and believe it or not, I'm a very highly-principled person. If you live by principle, you're going to do very well. [Applause]But I -- just to finish, I must tell you, I was a little surprised when I saw the viciousness of the ads, and the viciousness of really -- Mitt was very vicious. I mean, he gets up and he just -- I wish he used that same energy against Obama. I think he would've won. [Applause] No, no, if he used the same energy against Obama, he would've won. Carl?I say let's come together, folks. We're going to win. I say let's come together. [Applause]Carl, the answer is not 100 percent but largely I would say yes. You know, some people you're just not going to get along with. It's OK.But largely, I would like to do that. And believe it or not, I am a unifier. I unify. I mean, you look at all of the things I built all over the world, I'm a unifier. I get along with people. I have great relations. I even started getting along with you, right, Campaign Carl? But no, I get along with people. And I really say this, Carl, I think it's time to unify.We have something special going on, the Republican Party, and unfortunately, the people in the party, they call them the elites, or whatever they call them, but those are the people that don't respect it yet. We have millions and millions of people -- I discussed it before -- we have millions and millions of people coming up and voting, largely for me, in all fairness, but for other people also. And Carl, you know this because I've seen you report on it.It's a record. It's a record. It's never happened before in 100 years what's happening now to the Republican Party, has never happened before.And the people in the party, whether you call them establishment or not, you can call them anything. I don't know if there is such a thing as the establishment, frankly. But whether you call them the establishment or not, they should embrace it.They should -- you know, the Democrats would love to have what's happening. I have friends on the other side. They say, boy, would we like that to happen. You know, Carl, they're down 35 percent. There's no spirit there. Whereas we're way up with millions of people. So what I say to the Republicans is embrace it. We will win the election easily. [Applause]I don't know that you have to win everybody, Carl.OK, let's talk about that because it's so interesting. I'm not really changing the Republican Party because I'm actually a conservative, but I'm a common-sense conservative. Look, nobody's more conservative than me on energy independence, OK? I've been talking about it for years -- nobody. Nobody's more conservative than me on the military. Nobody's more conservative than me on taking care of our great veterans who are being absolutely maligned. [Applause]Nobody's more conservative than me on health care, where we're going to repeal and replace Obamacare, and on common core, where we're getting rid of it, and on budgets, where whether it's the penny deal, there are so many different things but we'll straighten out our budgets. Carl, we owe $19 trillion. We're going to start paying off debt.And we're not going to pay it all off that quickly, and nor do we have to, but we have to start bringing it down to a level that's sustainable because we're going in the wrong direction. So -- and certainly nobody is more conservative than me on the border.The one thing I guess people could say is that on trade, I am a free-trader, believe it or not, but I'm also a smart trader. We cannot let China -- and I like China. They're wonderful. But their leaders are too smart for our leaders. I like China. I do great with China. The Bank of America building, other buildings I have because of China, in a war we fought. But I will tell you nobody -- nobody is more conservative, actually, on trade.The problem I have is you have people that are in National Review, and they're eggheads, they're eggheads. They just have no common sense whatsoever, no common sense whatsoever. It's not free trade when China charges tax to get our product in and they don't let our product in anyway, and yet they take their product and they just send it to us like nothing.We have a trade deficit of China of $500 billion a year. We have a trade deficit with Japan of over $100 billion a year. We have a trade deficit with Mexico.That's why Mexico's going to pay for the wall. Fifty-eight billion dollars a year -- 100 percent. It's 100 percent. You know, these guys come up that I'm against and they say you're not going to get Mexico to pay for the wall. I said of course I am. We have a trade deficit with Mexico of $58 billion a year. The wall's going to cost $10 billion. You tell me I can't make that deal? That's an easy deal. [Applause]So the only thing, Carl, because I love the question, but the only thing I can say that some people would say I'm not conservative is trade, but that's because I want fair trade, OK? I want free trade, but free trade you have to have smart people on both sides and we don't have smart people on our side. So I want fair trade. It's got to be fair trade, or as you would say, fair and balanced trade, OK, as they would say at Fox. OK, Jeremy, go ahead.Very important.Destroyed, destroyed.You know what? OK, I know what you're going to say, Jeremy. Let me just --I can't because nobody's listening to you, Jeremy, OK? Nobody ever listens to you. [Laughter]Let me just explain. The problem that we have with trade, Jeremy -- Jeremy, let me just tell you -- is we have people on the other side that are grandmasters at monetary manipulation, at currency manipulation. They're manipulating their currency to such an extent that our companies cannot compete with other companies in other nations. They just can't compete. And because of that, we're losing our jobs.If you take a look at home many jobs China, as an example, has taken from us -- but it's not just China; it's everybody. China is the big abusers because it's the biggest. China has taken millions of jobs, thousands of factories.What they've done to us, it's actually, I thought about it the other day, it's the greatest theft in the history of the world. They've taken out so much money. And again, I love China, it's great. And I don't hold anything against their leaders. I wish our leaders would do the same thing in reverse but they don't.And we cannot continue -- hey look, I won Michigan and I went up there and these people are incredible people. You take a look at some of the -- some of the factories that have been abandoned there, where they moved into Mexico. You take a look at, as an example, in Chicago where you have Nabisco moves its big plant -- they're closing their plant.They're moving to Mexico. Ford, building a $2 1/2 billion factory, cars, in Mexico. I mean, we can't continue to do it. Carrier -- two weeks ago Carrier announced they're going to close, 1,400 people laid off. They're going to build air conditioners -- they're going to put their air conditioners in Mexico. They're going to build them in Mexico. How does that help us?Yeah, sure. OK, no. No. You know what's going to happen, Jeremy? Let me tell you what's going to happen, OK? Can I tell you what's going to happen? When China thinks you mean it -- when they think you mean it, they're going to stop manipulating their currency and you won't even have to do anything, and you might even have free trade, OK? [Applause]You didn't hear me. When China thinks you mean it, when Japan thinks you mean it, that we're not going to let them sell the cars like that because they're killing us -- you know what we sell to Japan? Practically nothing. They have cars coming in by the millions and we sell practically nothing. When Japan thinks we mean it and they'll stop playing around with the yen. They're almost as good as China.You look at what's happening with Komatsu tractor and you look at what's happening with Caterpillar, and Caterpillar is being hurt very badly by Komatsu, not because their machines aren't -- but Caterpillar makes a better machine. But because of the fact that they currency manipulate and we can't have that. And they're not supposed to do it but they have no fear of our government. They're dealing with babies. We're dealing with babies, OK? They are grandmaster players and we have people that shouldn't be negotiating for us, all right? We shouldn't.All right, one more question. Go ahead. Let's see if she'll finally give me a decent -- after 12 years. I'm not going to finish with her because she never asks a decent question. OK, go ahead. I'm only kidding. Go ahead.That's right.Well, I don't know. I'm going to say -- you know what? Lindsey Graham's probably a nice guy and I was very tough on him because he was tough on me, but I think he's probably a nice guy. I think I could probably get along with Lindsey Graham.I could probably get along with Mitt Romney. I mean, I have nothing against Mitt Romney and I understand how he feels. I mean, he worked really hard -- should've worked a little harder -- but he worked really hard and he didn't get there. I mean, I understand it. I could probably get along with Mitt Romney. I could probably -- I don't know Mitt Romney very well. I endorsed him, I backed him, I helped him, but I don't really know Mitt Romney.I could probably get along very well with Lindsey Graham but he goes on television, he's very nasty. And when they're nasty, you have to be nasty back. I can get along with people.Look, the bottom line is we have something going that's so good. We should grad each other and we should unify the party and nobody's going to beat us, OK? [Applause] Thank you very much everybody. Thank you, I appreciate it. Thank you very much. [Applause]Well look, he was a failed candidate, he should have beaten president Obama very easy. He failed miserably, and it was an embarrassment to everybody, including the Republican party. It looked like he went away on a vacation the last month.So, I don't take that, and I guess, obviously, he wants to be relevant. He wants to be back in the game. As far as domestic policy and trade which is killing our country, he said free trade and I believe in free trade also.But, if you look at China, and you look Japan, and if you look at Mexico, both at the border, by the way, where they're killing us. Both at the border, and with trade -- and every other country we do business with we are getting absolutely crushed on trade. And, he said free trade, I say free trade great.But, not when they're beating us so badly. With China we're going to lose $505 billion dollars in terms of trades. You just can't do it. Mexico, $58 billion dollars. Japan, probably about, they don't know it yet, but about $109 billion dollars. Every country we lose money with. As far as I'm concerned, we've got to reduce -- we have to redo our trade deals 100 percent. I have the greatest business people in the world lined up to do it. We will make... [Bell Rings]... great trade deals. [Cheering]I totally disavow the Klu Klux Klan. I totally disavow David Duke. I've been doing it now for two weeks, this is your -- you're probably about the 18th person that's asked me the question.It was very clear, that question was also talked about in the form of groups. Groups, I want to know which groups are you talking about? You have to tell me which groups? Ultimately, he got to the Klu Klux Klan, which obviously I'm going to disavow. And, by the way, if you look on my Twitter account, almost immediately after the program they were disavowed again.You know, it's amazing. When I do something on Twitter, everybody picks it up, goes all over the place. But, when I did this one nobody ever picks it up. Take a look at my Twitter account.Thank you. Thanks. [Applause]And we will.Well, I also happened to call him a lightweight, OK? And I have said that. So I would like to take that back. He is really not that much of a lightweight. And as far as -- and I have to say this, I have to say this. He hit my hands. Nobody has ever hit my hands. I have never heard of this. Look at those hands. Are they small hands? [Laughter]And he referred to my hands, if they are small, something else must be small. I guarantee you there is no problem. I guarantee.I have heard Ted say that over and over again on television, that he is the only one that can beat me. Just, for the record, I have won 10. He has won three or four.Last week, in fact, on Tuesday, I was a half a million votes higher than him. I was a million votes higher than Marco, 1 million votes. That's a lot of votes. And was by far in first place. So I keep hearing that he is the only one that can beat me but he is getting beaten very, very badly. So where does this come from? Where does it come from?Oh yeah, you're...Very nice words, but happens to be wrong. CNN just came out with a poll two days ago that...... That national poll -- excuse me...... The national poll -- a national poll where he's at 15, he's at 14...... And, I'm at 49, so when he says 75 percent, that would mean that 80 percent of the people don't dig you, and I'm back down to 50...Wrong...... I beat Hillary Clinton. I beat Hillary Clinton in many polls...I beat Hillary Clinton in many polls...... I think I'm talking...... I beat Hillary Clinton...... I hope you think [Inaudible] ...... I beat Hillary Clinton in many polls. The Cue poll just came out. I beat Hillary Clinton in a recent Fox poll, I beat Hillary Clinton in USA Today, I beat her today in a poll in Ohio. I beat -- I'm the only one that beats Hillary Clinton. I beat -- and I have not started on Hillary yet. Believe me, I will... [Cheering]... start soon. I haven't even started.... In one poll...... In one poll...Wrong. Wrong.This little guy has lied so much...... about my record.He has lied so much about my record.And I will tell you this. First of all, I got a call from my sister and brother tonight, and they said we had no idea Dad gave you $200 million. Believe me, I started off with $1 million.I built a company that's worth more than $10 billion. And I say it not in a bragging way, but that's the kind of thinking we need. Very low debt, tremendous cash flow. My financials are all -- they're all in there with the federal elections. You've seen them. Everybody has seen them. I say it only because that's the kind of thinking this country needs with $19 trillion in debit. Believe me. [Applause]They devalue their currencies. I will do that. And by the way, I have been doing it more and more.But they devalue their currencies, in particular China. Mexico is doing a big number now, also. Japan is unbelievable what they're doing.They devalue their currencies, and they make it impossible for clothing-makers in this country to do clothing in this country. And if you look at what's happened on Seventh Avenue, and you look at what's happened in New York with the garment industry, so much of the clothing now comes out from Vietnam, China, and other places. And it's all because of devaluation.By the way, the Trans-Pacific, if you look at the TPP, a total disaster, which, by the way, Marco is in favor of, they need -- it is a disaster for our country. It's trying to be approved by various people, including President Obama. And I'll tell you something. The biggest problem with that is: They don't take into concurrence the devaluation. They're devaluing their currency.And they're killing -- they're going to... [Crosstalk]No, no. I have very good answers.I know what's happening with the economy. You don't know a thing.You haven't employed in your life one person.I have employed tens of thousands of people. [Crosstalk]You haven't employed one person.Oh, you know what? You know what? Take a look at Trump Steaks.By the way, that's the other thing...Mitt Romney... [Crosstalk]... false, totally false. And now the funny thing is he didn't talk about the hundreds of really successful jobs, the buildings all over the world that have made a fortune. [Crosstalk]I will. Don't worry about it, Marco. Don't worry about it. Don't worry about it little Marco, I will.Don't worry about it, little Marco. [Crosstalk]This guy has a number one -- the number one absentee record in the United States...He doesn't show up to vote.That's why the people in Florida do not like him.Correct.Department of Education. We're cutting Common Core. We're getting rid of Common Core.We're bringing education locally. Department of Environmental Protection. We are going to get rid are of it in almost every form. We're going to have little tidbits left but we're going to take a tremendous amount out. We have various other things. If you look at the IRS, if you look at every single agency, we can cut it down, and I mean really cut it down and save. The waste, fraud, and abuse is massive. Larry Kudlow, great guy, everybody respects him, said my plan for taxes and tax cutting is the best by far of everybody.OK.Let me explain something. Because of the fact that the pharmaceutical companies -- because of the fact that the pharmaceutical companies are not mandated to bid properly, they have hundreds of billions of dollars in waste. We don't bid properly. We don't have proper bidding procedures. The reason we don't is because they take care of all of the senators, all of the congressman, and they don't bid. They don't go out to bid.Take a look -- excuse me. You are talking about hundreds of billions of dollars...... if we went out to the proper bid. Of course you are.I'm saying saving through negotiation throughout the economy, you will save $300 billion a year.And that's a huge -- of course it is. We are going to buy things for less money. Of course it is. That works out...I'm not only talking about drugs, I'm talking about other things. We will save $300 billion a year if we properly negotiate. We don't do that. We don't negotiate. We don't negotiate anything.Well, all of a sudden, I hear for 40 years I've been involved in Washington. I have been supporting people for many years. And these people have been politicians, and they've been on both sides, Democrats, Republicans, liberals, conservatives.I've supported everybody, because, until recently, I wasn't a politician, and I hope maybe you don't all consider me a politician right now. I hate the term politician. But I've been supporting politicians. A recent article somewhere said Donald Trump is a world-class businessman who goes out and he does get along with everybody. I've supported Democrats, and I've supported Republicans. And as a businessman, I owed that to my company, to my family, to my workers, to everybody to get along. Part of the problem we have in Washington, Chris...... is it's total gridlock. Nobody gets along. We need people to get along. We need to be able to get things done. [Applause]Actually, it was for business. It was. It was. It was for business. I pride myself, including outside of the United States. I'm doing almost 120 deals outside of the -- which I hope to be able to stop very soon and let my children handle it -- but we're doing many, many deals outside of the United States. I support politicians. In 2008, I supported Hillary Clinton. I supported many other people, by the way. And that was because of the fact that I'm in business. I did support very heavily Ronald Reagan. I also supported George Bush, by the way.Let me tell you, something, Ted. The last person that Hillary Clinton wants to face is Donald Trump. That I can... [Applause]That I can tell you. [Crosstalk]Hello.Nice to be with you, Megyn.You're looking well. You're looking well.I don't know exactly what -- when you talk about off the record. First of all, Buzzfeed? They were the ones that said under no circumstances will I run for president. And were they wrong.But a lot of people said that. Then, I did have a meeting with the editorial board of the New York Times, a very nice meeting. Many of those things were off the record, I think at their suggestion and my suggestion.And I think being off the record is a very important thing. I think it's a very, very powerful thing. And I will say this.These three gentlemen have gone off the record many times with reporters. And I think they want to honor it, and I would always honor that. I will say, though, in terms of immigration -- and almost anything else -- there always has to be some, you know, tug and pull and deal.And, you know, when I watch Ted stand on the Senate floor, I had great respect for what he did. He stood there for a day-and-a- half or something. In the meantime, what came of it? Nothing. You have to be able to have some flexibility, some negotiation. Now, sometimes you ask for more than you want and you negotiate down to the point. I may have discussed something like that with the New York Times, but I would never release off-the-record conversations. I don't think it's fair, frankly, to do that to anybody.Not very flexible. No, not very flexible. I give the example -- I'm going to build a wall.I'm the one that wants the wall. I'm the one that can build the wall. [Applause] It's going to get built.And by the way, Mexico is going to pay for the wall. I can tell you that. Mexico is going to pay for the wall.[Applause] But -- and I used an example. And this isn't necessarily what was said, but whatever was said, the wall's 50 feet high. Is it going to be 45 feet or 40 feet? That could very well be. That could very well -- he wants it to be higher. [Laughter] That could very well be. But there's always give and take. There's always negotiation. And the best negotiator that knows what he's doing will make a great deal. But we need give and take in government. If you don't have give and take, you're never going to agree on anything. [Applause]Fine.I will say one thing, what Marco said is -- I understand it. He is talking about a little give and take and a little negotiation. And you know what? That's OK.That's not the worst thing in the world. There is nothing wrong with that. I happen to be much stronger on illegal immigration. Sheriff Joe Arpaio endorsed me. And if he endorses you, believe me, you are the strongest, from Arizona. But give and take is OK. And I thought what he said is OK. We may differ on the degree. But what he said to me is OK.No. I never do that. I would not do that. I don't think -- I have too much respect -- if I deal with you off the record, if I deal with Bret or Chris off the record, I have too much respect for that process to say, just release everything. I would not do that.I'm changing. I'm changing. We need highly skilled people in this country, and if we can't do it, we'll get them in.But, and we do need in Silicon Valley, we absolutely have to have. So, we do need highly skilled, and one of the biggest problems we have is people go to the best colleges. They'll go to Harvard, they'll go to Stanford, they'll go to Wharton, as soon as they're finished they'll get shoved out. They want to stay in this country. They want to stay here desperately, they're not able to stay here. For that purpose, we absolutely have to be able to keep the brain power in this country. [Applause]... I'm changing it, and I'm softening the position because we have to have talented people in this country.... That is correct.... No, I'm not playing.I'm not playing to anybody's fantasies, I'm playing to the fact that our country is in trouble, that we have a tremendous problem with crime. The border is a disaster, it's like a piece of Swiss cheese. We're going to stop it, we're going to stop people from coming into our country illegally. We're going to stop it. [Applause] [Cheering]First of all I've had tens of thousands of people working for me, most of which are -- 98, 97, 98 percent of the people in this country, from this country. I'm very proud of it. You have a club in Palm Beach, Florida called the Mar-a-Lago Club, it's a very, very successful club.It has a very short season, it's called, the Season, and it goes from November until March. It's a few months, five months at the most. People don't want a short-term job. They don't want -- so, we will bring people in, and we will send the people out. All done legally, all done with the process that's... [Bell Rings]... Approved by government in Palm Beach, or West Palm Beach. We bring people in, we bring them out. We want to hire as many Americans as we can, but they don't want part-time, very short part-time jobs.... Wrong...... That's wrong.... Wrong...... Wrong...The -- the -- the other hotels during the season, they do the same thing. They take in a lot of people, because you can't get them. They take in a lot of people. Long-term employees, we don't do that, but short-term employees, we have no choice but to do it, and other hotels in that very, very hot area. It is a very hot area.It's very, very hard to get people. But other hotels do the exact same thing. And just so you understand, just again, this is a legal process. This is a procedure. It's part of the law. I take advantage of that. There's nothing wrong with it. We have no choice.This wasn't on the subject.Tapes were not on the subject, but that's...No, no. You're the liar. You're the lying guy up here. [Crosstalk]You're the -- you're the one. You're the one.You're the one. Now, let me just tell you. Let me just tell you. [Crosstalk]Excuse me. Excuse me. I've given my answer, Lyin' Ted. I've given my answer.They won't refuse. They're not going to refuse me. Believe me.Let me just tell you, you look at the Middle East. They're chopping off heads. They're chopping off the heads of Christians and anybody else that happens to be in the way.They're drowning people in steel cages. And he -- now we're talking about waterboarding. This really started with Ted, a question was asked of Ted last -- two debates ago about waterboarding.And Ted was, you know, having a hard time with that question, to be totally honest with you. They then came to me, what do you think of waterboarding? I said it's fine. And if we want to go stronger, I'd go stronger, too, because, frankly... [Applause] ... that's the way I feel. Can you imagine -- can you imagine these people, these animals over in the Middle East, that chop off heads, sitting around talking and seeing that we're having a hard problem with waterboarding? We should go for waterboarding and we should go tougher than waterboarding. That's my opinion.And -- and -- and -- I'm a leader. I'm a leader. I've always been a leader. I've never had any problem leading people. If I say do it, they're going to do it. That's what leadership is all about.Well, look, you know, when a family flies into the World Trade Center, a man flies into the World Trade Center, and his family gets sent back to where they were going -- and I think most of you know where they went -- and, by the way, it wasn't Iraq -- but they went back to a certain territory, they knew what was happening. The wife knew exactly what was happening. They left two days early, with respect to the World Trade Center, and they went back to where they went, and they watched their husband on television flying into the World Trade Center, flying into the Pentagon, and probably trying to fly into the White House, except we had some very, very brave souls on that third plane. All right? [Applause]I have no problem with it.I think Richard Haass is excellent. I have a lot of respect for him. I think General Keane is excellent.I think that there are -- I like Colonel Jacobs very much. I see him. I know him.I have many people that I think are really excellent but in the end it's going to be my decision. When you just asked the question about Snowden, I will tell you right from the beginning, I said he was a spy and we should get him back. And if Russia respected our country, they would have sent him back immediately, but he was a spy. It didn't take me a long time to figure that one out. Believe me. But I would get the best people, people that I'd be comfortable with. And we will do the right thing.We've made a terrible mistake getting involved there in the first place. That thing will collapse about two seconds after they leave. Just as I said that Iraq was going to collapse after we leave.We made a mistake going into Iraq. I've never said we made a mistake...Well, OK, I never said that.OK. Wouldn't matter. I never said it. [End Video Clip]Should I respond to that first?You'll be here a long time.I hate the concept of it, but on a humanitarian basis, with what's happening, you have to. It's living in Hell in Syria; there's no question about it. They're living in Hell.Look, from a humanitarian standpoint, I'd love to help, but we have our own problems. We have so many problems that we have to solve. [End Video Clip]They lied. They said there were weapons of mass destruction; there were none. And they knew there were none. I don't know if he lied or not. He could have lied. Maybe he did. Maybe he didn't. I guess you'd have to ask him. [End Video Clip]Well, on Afghanistan, I did mean Iraq. I think you have to stay in Afghanistan for a while, because of the fact that you're right next to Pakistan, which has nuclear weapons, and we have to protect that. Nuclear weapons change the game.And I was always against going into Iraq. In fact, I -- believe me, I was always against it. There was some cases where I sort of -- in one interview with a great friend of mine, and yours, Howard Stern -- said that -- said that...[Laughter] I said very meekly, long before we went in, I said very meekly, well, maybe, maybe, I don't know. By the time it got to that point, I was always against Iraq. But Afghanistan, I felt -- and in that one, if you notice, I corrected it the second day. OK? Second question?No, no. But...Now on -- let me explain that. You're right. Let me explain.First time the question had been put to me, it was very early on. The migration had just started. And I had heard that the number was a very, very small number.By the second day, two or three days later, I heard the number was going to be thousands and thousands of people. You know, when they originally heard about it, they were talking about bringing very, very small numbers in. And I said, begrudgingly, well, I guess maybe that's OK.It was not like, "Let's bring them in," because I think we should build a safe zone in -- we should really -- what we should be doing is building safe zones so they can stay in their own country and not go all over, and at least this way we're not going to have the problem. That's what we have to do. [Applause] But just -- just to set -- because I fully understand what you're asking.When I first heard the question, first time the question was ever asked to me, first time I really had known about the question, the migration had just started. I was very much like, OK, by the time I went back and studied it, and they were talking about bringing thousands and thousands, I changed my tune. And I don't think there's anything wrong with that.Megyn, I have a very strong core. [Applause] I have a very strong core. But I've never seen a successful person who wasn't flexible, who didn't have a certain degree of flexibility.You have to have a certain degree of flexibility. [Applause] You can't -- for instance, let's say, on -- on the second question, you can't say it's OK, and then you find out it's not OK, and you don't want to do anything. You have to be flexible, because you learn.I mean, before I knew the question was asked by Bill, and the next day, or the couple of days later, the question was asked by, by -- you know -- I was asked by a number of people, actually. I was asked by Sean, but I was asked by a number of people. But by that time, the number had increased significantly.The next day. But I had learned. I mean, nobody had ever asked me the question. This was brand new. But -- and I really mean it. You have to show a degree of flexibility. If you're going to be one way and you think it's wrong, does that mean the rest of your life you have to go in the wrong direction because you don't want to change? [Applause][Inaudible][Inaudible]... That's not right...... We'll find out when we have the [Inaudible] ...... And, by the way, just so you understand... [Applause]... This is a case I could have settled very easily, but I don't settle cases very easily when I'm right. Ninety-eight percent approval rating, we have an "A" from the Better Business Bureau...... We have a 98 percent approval rating from the people who took the course. We have an "A" from the Better Business Bureau. And, people like it. Now, he's saying they didn't learn. We have many, many people that will be witnesses. Again, I don't settle cases. I don't do it because that's why I don't get sued very often, because I don't settle, unlike a lot of other people. We have a situation where we will win in court... [Bell Rings]But, many of the people that are witnesses did tremendously well, and made a lot of money...... By taking the course.You're going to see, you don't know...You're going to see, you're going to see.... No, no. Before they had the information...... Before they had the information...... Before they had the information it got -- it is right now an "A", once they had the information...... The only reason that is was a "D" was because we didn't care -- we didn't give them the information...... When they got the information it became an "A"...... Marco you don't know [Inaudible] ...... Yes.... [Inaudible]... But it was elevated to an "A"...... I can give it to you. I can give it to you tomorrow..... It was elevated to an "A".... Small business...... Right...... The lead plaintiff is now getting out of the case because it's so bad for her...... Excuse me, the lead plaintiff signed a letter saying how great it was, and it on tape saying how great it was.... She's trying to get out of the case. She's trying to get out of the case...Oh, give me a break...Give me a break.Give me a break.You know what, let's see what happens in court. This is a civil case. Very easy to have settled. Could settle it now. Very easy to have settled. Let's see what happens at the end of a couple years when this case is over, OK?Yes, it has been going for a long time.We'll win the case.One, one of the victims.I gave many people their money back.Let me just... [Crosstalk]We will see who's right at the end of a few years. But all of the -- almost all of the people, many, many people signed what's called the report card at the end, did you like the course, how did you like it. Almost all of them said it was terrific, OK? With letters, with this. Some of them are on tape saying it was terrific. Let's see what happens at the end of three years.I gave some refunds to people because if they asked for the refunds in a certain period of time, and we gave refunds to people.But let's see what happens at the end of three years. Let's see who's right.It's called pending litigation.Let me tell you the real con artist. Excuse me. Excuse me.The real con artist is Senator Marco Rubio who was elected in Florida and who has the worst voting record in the United States Senate. He doesn't go to vote. He's absent.He doesn't go. Now, the people of Florida can't stand him. He couldn't get elected dogcatcher. The people of Florida -- the people of Florida -- and by the way, I know he's going to spend $25 million on ads. Without that he wouldn't have a chance. He's 20 points south. The people in Florida wouldn't elect him dogcatcher. He couldn't get any -- he's right now 21 points down to me. And, you know...... again, there will be a lot of advertising. It's the only thing that might save him. But I doubt it.He scammed the people of Florida. He scammed people. He doesn't vote. He doesn't show up for the U.S. Senate. He doesn't vote. He scammed the people. He defrauded the people of Florida.You defrauded the people of Florida, little Marco.That was licensing.Oh, stop it.It's just a minor case. It's a minor case.It's a minor civil case.Give me a break.It's a minor civil case.There are many, many civil cases.Give me a break.I don't believe these politicians. All talk, no action. I'm standing here listening to -- I'm hearing him say about a percentage. CNN, he gets 15. That means 85 percent, based on what you're saying, of the people don't dig you, number one, number one. Is that a correct statement? How do you get -- are you at 15 in the new CNN poll? Do you believe in CNN? I mean, I know we're with FOX. But CNN spent -- CNN...CNN spent a lot of money on a poll, just came out. I'm at 49. He's at 15.He tells me about 65 percent of the people. It's not 65 percent of the people. If you go by that, 85 percent of the people.Then he goes, we have five. And -- well, excuse me, I won 10. I won 10 states. If you listen to him, it's like -- I won 10 states. Everybody knows that on Super Tuesday Trump was the winner. There wasn't one person that didn't say that. Even the two people on your left and right said we did a great job. So how does he take -- how does he take five and say it's better than 10?I am by far the leader. But if you listen to a politician, he'll try and convince you otherwise.No, I don't. No, I don't.According to your poll... [Crosstalk]... I know, but your recent polls have me beating Hillary Clinton, and very, very easily.I have nothing to say. I mean, generally speaking, agree with what he said. I would have certainly have rather left it to the states. I was always in favor -- I was very surprised when they came up with that decision. I would have certainly -- I would have preferred had it been left to the states and I think most people would have preferred that.No, I'm a big defender of the Second Amendment. And if you look at what's happened, whether it's in California, where you had the 14 people killed, whether it's in Paris -- which, by the way, has the toughest gun laws in the world and 130 people killed. Many, many people in the hospital gravely injured.They will be dying. Many people will be dying in addition. If we had guns, or if they had guns on the other side of the room, with the bullets going in the opposite direction, you would not have had 130 people killed. That I can tell you right now. [Applause] So I'm a very, very big supporter of the Second Amendment.I don't support it anymore. I do not support the ban on assault. [Booing]I -- I did not say that. I did not say that.I did not say that.So we're listening to the all-talk, no-action politician, and he was the primary supporter of John Roberts, who gave us Obamacare.No, it's not. You take a look. He was the primary supporter.He pushed John Roberts, and pushed him, and pushed him, and Bush ultimately appointed him. He got appointed. And when it came his time to raise his hand and kill Obamacare, not once, but twice, he let us down, and he did the wrong thing. This is the man that was the primary supporter. And you can read law journal, you can read whatever you want to read -- I've read plenty of it. There was no stronger supporter of John Roberts than him. And it was a very, very big mistake.Not what you say in the op-ed.That is not what you said in the op-ed.Yeah, I know it is. But it's not what you said in the op-ed.Lyin' Ted.Well, let me just say this. I've gotten to know Marco over a period of time, believe me, he is not a leader. Believe me.He didn't answer -- he's not a leader. And, frankly, when I say they'll do as I tell them, they'll do as I tell them. And that's very -- it's very simple.It's very simple. We are in a very dangerous place. We have a depleted military.Totally depleted. We have -- by the way, our vets are treated horribly. We're going to take care of our vets.We're going to start taking care of our vets, properly, like we should. [Applause] But we're going to build up our military, and we're going to get the equipment we want, not the equipment that's sold to us by somebody that gave him and him and not the governor campaign contributions. OK? We're going to get the equipment that the generals and the soldiers want. I will prove to be a great leader. And, you know, it's very interesting, we talk about the polls. Every single poll when it comes to ISIS and the military and the border say, by far, Trump is the best.Wrong. Wrong.Wrong. [Crosstalk]Wrong.He said very good things about me, and I said... [Crosstalk]Yeah, finish.Let me just tell you, first of all, I've been hearing this man so long talking about Putin. Putin said about me -- I didn't say about Putin -- Putin said very nice things about me. And I say very nicely, wouldn't it be nice if actually we could get along with Russia, we could get along with foreign countries, instead of spending trillions and trillions of dollars? You're talking about Flint, Michigan.You're talking about places -- we need to rebuild the infrastructure of our country. Wouldn't it be nice if we got along with the world, and maybe Russia could help us in our quest to get rid of ISIS, et cetera, et cetera? [Crosstalk]I think I'd get along very well with Vladimir Putin. I just think so. [End Video Clip] [Laughter]Even if it's not me? [Laughter] Let me just start off by saying...... OK -- that I'm very, very proud of -- millions and millions of people have come to the Republican Party over the last little while. They've come to the Republican Party. And by the way, the Democrats are losing people. This is a trend that's taking place. It's the biggest thing happening in politics, and I'm very proud to be a part of it. And I'm going to give them some credit, too, even though they don't deserve it. But the answer is: Yes, I will.Yes, I will. Yes. I will.Thank you. I am going to bring jobs back to the United States like nobody else can. We're going to fix our very depleted military. We're going to take care of our vets. We're going to strengthen our borders. And you're going to be very, very proud of this country in just a few years if I'm elected president. Thank you.Thank you. My whole theme is make America great again. We don't win anymore as a country.We don't win with trade, we don't win with the military. ISIS, we can't even knock out ISIS, and we will, believe me. We will. We don't win in any capacity with healthcare. We have terrible health care, Obamacare is going to be repealed and replaced. We just don't win. You look at our borders, they're like swiss cheese, everybody pours in. We're going to make a great country again. We're going to start winning again. We're going to win a lot, it's going to be a big difference, believe me. It's going to be a big difference. [Applause]First of all, he was in charge of amnesty, he was the leader, and you can ask Marco because they've been debating this every debate that we've had. As far as coming back in, number one, you wouldn't even be talking, and you wouldn't have asked that as the first question if it weren't for me when my opening when I talked about illegals immigration. It wouldn't even be a big subject.But, we either have a country, or we don't have a country. We have at least 11 million people in this country that came in illegally. They will go out.They will come back -- some will come back, the best, through a process. They have to come back legally. They have to come back through a process, and it may not be a very quick process, but I think that's very fair, and very fine. They're going to get in line with other people. The best of them will come back, but they're going to come back through a process. [Applause]Mr. Trump, do you want to respond to that?Well, I'm very glad that Ted mentioned Arizona because probably the toughest man on borders is Sheriff Joe Arpaio, and two days ago he totally endorsed me, so, thank you. [Applause]Well, first of all, self-deportation is people are going to leave as soon as they see others going out. If you look at Dwight Eisenhower in the 1950s, they started moving people out and the rest of them left. Self-deportation, as I really define it, and that's the way I define it, is you're going to get some to go, and the rest are going to go out.As far as the people that I've hired in various parts of Florida during the absolute prime season, like Palm Beach and other locations, you could not get help. It's the up season. People didn't want to have part-time jobs. There were part-time jobs, very seasonal, 90-day jobs, 120-day jobs, and you couldn't get. Everybody agrees with me on that. They were part-time jobs. You needed them, or we just might as well close the doors, because you couldn't get help in those hot, hot sections of Florida.I criticized Mitt Romney for losing the election. He should have won that election. He had a failed president. He ran a terrible campaign. He was a terrible candidate. That's what I criticize Mitt Romney -- I mean, ran...Excuse me. He ran one terrible campaign. That's an election that should have been won. [Applause]No, no, I'm the only one on the stage that's hired people. You haven't hired anybody. [Applause]And by the way, I've hired -- and by the way, I've hired tens of thousands of people over at my job. You've hired nobody.You've had nothing but problems with your credit cards, et cetera. So don't tell me about that.You haven't hired one person, you liar.That's wrong. That's wrong. Totally wrong.I've hired tens of thousands of people over my lifetime. Tens of thousands...Be quiet. Just be quiet. [Applause]Let me talk. I've hired tens of thousands of people. He brings up something from 30 years ago, it worked out very well. Everybody was happy.And by the way, the laws were totally different. That was a whole different world.But I've hired people. Nobody up here has hired anybody. [Applause]I can only say this, and I've said it loud and clear and I've said it for years. And many of these people are sitting right in the audience right now -- your lobbyist and your special interest and your donors, because the audience is packed with them, and they're packed with you. I've had an amazing relationship with politicians -- with politicians both Democrat, Republican, because I was a businessman.As one magazine said, he's a world-class businessman; he was friendly with everybody. I got along with everybody. You get along with nobody. You don't have one Republican -- you don't have one Republican senator, and you work with them every day of your life, although you skipped a lot of time. These are minor details. But you don't have one Republican senator backing you; not one. You don't have the endorsement of one Republican senator and you work with these people. You should be ashamed of yourself. [Applause]Here's a man -- Robin Hood. This is Robin Hood over here. He talks about corruption. On his financial disclosure form, he didn't even put that he's borrowed money from Citibank and from Goldman Sachs, which is a total violation. He didn't talk about the fact that he pays almost no interest. He just left it off, and now he's going to protect the people from the big bad banks. Give me a break.[Inaudible] .Correct.I will, and the wall just got 10 feet taller, believe me. [Applause] It just got 10 feet taller. I saw him make that -- I saw him make the statement.I saw him use the word that he used. I can only tell you, if I would have used even half of that word, it would have been national scandal. This guy used a filthy, disgusting word on television, and he should be ashamed of himself, and he should apologize, OK? Number one.Number two, we have a trade deficit with Mexico of $58 billion a year. And that doesn't include all the drugs that are pouring across and destroying our country. We're going to make them pay for that wall.Now, the wall is $10 billion to $12 billion, if I do it. If these guys do it, it'll end up costing $200 billion. [Applause] But the wall is $10 billion to $12 billion.You need 1,000 -- you need 1,000 miles. The Great Wall of China, built 2,000 years ago -- 2,000, is 13,000 miles. We need 1,000, because we have a lot of natural barriers.We can do it for $10 billion to $12 billion, and it's a real wall. This is a wall that's a heck of a lot higher than the ceiling you're looking at. This is a wall that's going to work. Mexico will pay for it, because they are not doing us any favors. They could stop all of this illegal trade if they wanted to... [Bell Rings] ... immediately. Mexico will pay for the wall. It's a small portion of the kind of money that we lose and the deficits that we have with Mexico. [Applause]Well, you know, I don't mind trade wars when we're losing $58 billion a year, you want to know the truth. We're losing so much. [Applause] We're losing so much with Mexico and China -- with China, we're losing $500 billion a year.And then people say, "don't we want to trade?" I don't mind trading, but I don't want to lose $500 billion. I don't want to lose $58 billion. Mexico just took Carrier Corporation, maker of air conditioners. They just took Ford. They're building a $2.5 billion plant. They just took Nabisco out of Chicago. And I always say I'm not having Oreos anymore, which is true, by the way. But they just took a big plant from Nabisco into Mexico. They're taking our businesses. I don't mind.Such a cute sound bite.All right, you know what?Because they devalue their currency -- they devalue their currencies...... that makes it -- well, you don't know a thing about business. You lose on everything...Let me just tell you -- they de-value their currency. They de-value their currencies.That makes it -- well, you don't know a thing about business. You lose on everything you do.Let me just tell you, they de-value their currencies. China, Mexico, everybody. Japan with the cars. They de-value their currencies to such an extent that our businesses cannot compete with them, our workers lose their jobs...But you wouldn't know anything about it because you're a lousy businessman.No, I -- and you know why? You know why? [Applause]You know why?First of all...... first of all, that's called a...And by the way -- and by the way...... and by the way...... I've won most of the lawsuits.And they actually did a very good job, but I've won most of the lawsuits.Excuse me. Hey Wolf, let me ask you. Am I allowed to respond to this?OK. Well let -- no, I haven't. I really haven't. [Laughter]Here's a guy -- here's a guy that buys a house for $179,000, he sells it to a lobbyist who's probably here for $380,000 and then legislation is passed. You tell me about this guy. This is what we're going to have as president.No, no, no.[Inaudible] I took...That is so wrong. We'll work on that. I took $1 million and I turned into $10 billion.I borrowed $1 million...I borrowed $1 million, I turned it into $10 billion...... more than $10 billion.I have to say, he lied this time. He lied. 100 percent. 100 percent.Yes, yes, yes. 38 years ago.True. [Laughter]True.No.First of all, I don't believe anything Telemundo says.Number one. Number two, I currently employ thousands of Hispanics, and over the years, I've employed tens of thousands of Hispanics. They're incredible people.They know, and the reason I won in Nevada, not only won the big one, but I also won subs, like, as an example, I won with women. I won with every single category. I won with men, I won with high-income, low-income, I won with Hispanics.And I got 46 percent. Nobody else was close. Because they know I'm going to bring jobs back from China, from Japan, from so many other places.They get it. They're incredible people. They're incredible workers. They get it. And I've won many of the polls with Hispanics. I didn't maybe win the Telemundo poll. But one thing I'm also going to do, I'm going to be getting -- bringing a lot of people in who are Democrats, who are independents, and you're seeing that with the polls, because if you look at anywhere, look at any of the elections, every single election, it has been record-setting. And the good news is, for the Republican Party, the Democrats are getting very poor numbers in terms of bringing them in. We're getting record-setting numbers. I think I have something to do with that.We're getting record-setting numbers. And I won every one -- the three of them that I won, I won with record-setting numbers.New people are coming into the Republican Party. We are building a new Republican Party, a lot of new people are coming in. [Applause]I love them. I love them. [Applause]They're fine. Do you know what? They're fine.Why did they take the poll? Why did they... [Crosstalk]I'm just telling you, I'm doing very well with Hispanics. And by the way, I settled my suit, as you know, with Univision. It was settled.We're good friends now. It was all settled up. [Laughter] Very happy, very happy. Very good people. I'm just telling you -- I'm just telling you that I will do really well with Hispanics. I will do better than anybody on this stage. I have respect for the people on the stage, but I will do very well with Hispanics. But I'm telling you also, I'm bringing people, Democrats over and I'm bringing independents over, and we're building a much bigger, much stronger Republican Party.Yes, I would. And I've been there. And I've been there very strongly.I do have to say something, and this is interesting and it's not anybody's fault. It's not Ted's fault. Justice Roberts was strongly recommended and pushed by Ted.Justice Roberts gave us Obamacare. Might as well be called Roberts-care. Two times of the Supreme Court, Justice Roberts approved something that he should have never raised his hand to approve. And we ended up with Obamacare. That is a rough thing. And I know Ted feels badly about it. And I think he probably still respects the judge. But that judge has been a disaster in terms of everything we stand for because there is no way -- no way that he should have approved Obamacare. Now, with that being said, these are the things that happen. But Ted very, very strongly pushed Judge Roberts, and Justice Roberts gave us something that we don't want.Well, let -- let me -- let me just say -- let me just say this. Look, I watched Ted -- and I respected it, but he gets nowhere -- stand on the Senate floor for a day or two days, and talk and talk and talk. I watched the other senators laughing and smiling.And when Ted was totally exhausted, he left the Senate floor, and they went back to work. OK? We have to have somebody that's going to make deals. It's wonderful to stand up for two days and do that. Now, Ted's been very critical -- I have a sister who's a brilliant...... excuse me. She's a brilliant judge. He's been criticizing -- he's been criticizing my sister for signing a certain bill. You know who else signed that bill? Justice Samuel Alito, a very conservative member of the Supreme Court, with my sister, signed that bill. So I think that maybe we should get a little bit of an apology from Ted. What do you think?When you say crazy zealot, are you talking about you? Crazy zealot -- give me a break.Well, let -- let me just say -- let me just say, first of all, I have great respect for Justice Scalia. I thought he was terrific. And if you talk about evolving, Ronald Reagan was a somewhat liberal Democrat.Ronald Reagan evolved into a somewhat strong conservative -- more importantly, he was a great president. A great president. As far as Planned Parenthood is concerned, I'm pro-life.I'm totally against abortion, having to do with Planned Parenthood. But millions and millions of women -- cervical cancer, breast cancer -- are helped by Planned Parenthood. So you can say whatever you want, but they have millions of women going through Planned Parenthood that are helped greatly. And I wouldn't fund it. I would defund it because of the abortion factor, which they say is 3 percent. I don't know what percentage it is. They say it's 3 percent. But I would defund it, because I'm pro-life. But millions of women are helped by Planned Parenthood. [Applause]I just want to say, I agree with that 100 percent, except pre-existing conditions, I would absolutely get rid of Obamacare. We're going to have something much better, but pre-existing conditions, when I'm referring to that, and I was referring to that very strongly on the show with Anderson Cooper, I want to keep pre- existing conditions. I think we need it. I think it's a modern age. And I think we have to have it. [Applause]I think they're wrong 100 percent. What we need -- look, the insurance companies take care of the politicians. The insurance companies get what they want. We should have gotten rid of the lines around each state so we can have real competition.We thought that was gone, we thought those lines were going to be gone, so something happened at the last moment where Obamacare got approved, and all of that was thrown out the window. The reason is some of the people in the audience are insurance people, and insurance lobbyists, and special interests. They got -- I'm not going to point to these gentlemen, of course, they're part of the problem, other than Ben, in all fairness. And, actually, the Governor too, let's just talk about these too, OK? [Laughter]Because I don't think the Governor had too much to do with this. But, we should have gotten rid of the borders, we should have gotten rid of the lines around the state so there's great competition. The insurance companies are making a fortune on every single thing they do. I'm self-funding my campaign. I'm the only one in either party self-funding my campaign. I'm going to do what's right. We have to get rid of the lines around the states so that there's serious, serious competition.... And, you're going to see -- excuse me. You're going to see preexisting conditions and everything else be part of it, but the price will be done, and the insurance companies can pay. Right now they're making a fortune. [Applause]That's going to solve the problem. And, the insurance companies aren't going to say that, they want to keep it. They want to say -- they say whatever they have to say to keep it the way it is.I know the insurance companies, they're friends of mine. The top guys, they're friends of mine. I shouldn't tell you guys, you'll say it's terrible, I have a conflict of interest.They're friends of mine, there's some right in the audience. One of them was just waving to me, he was laughing and smiling. He's not laughing so much anymore. Hi. [Applause] Look, the insurance companies are making an absolute fortune. Yes, they will keep preexisting conditions, and that would be a great thing. Get rid of Obamacare, we'll come up with new plans. But, we should keep preexisting conditions.... And, you don't know what it means...You don't know.... The biggest problem... [Crosstalk]... The biggest problem, I'll have you know...... You know, I watched him meltdown two weeks ago with Chris Christie. I got to tell you, the biggest problem he's got is he really doesn't know about the lines. The biggest thing we've got, and the reason we've got no competition, is because we have lines around the state, and you have essentially....... You don't know much...... The lines around the states...... and, it was almost done -- not now...... Excuse me. Excuse me.... You get rid of the lines, it brings in competition. So, instead of having one insurance company taking care of New York, or Texas, you'll have many. They'll compete, and it'll be a beautiful thing.The nice part of the plan -- you'll have many different plans. You'll have competition, you'll have so many different plans.No, no, no. [Laughter] [Applause] [Cheering][Inaudible][Inaudible] I watched him repeat himself five times four weeks ago...I watched him meltdown on the stage like that, I've never seen it in anybody...... I thought he came out of the swimming pool...... We're going to have many different plans because...... competition...There is going to be competition among all of the states, and the insurance companies. They're going to have many, many different plans.No, there's nothing to add. [Cheering] [Applause]What is to add?I do not want socialized medicine, just so you understand. He goes around saying oh, he wants it. I do not want socialized medicine.I do agree with him that it's going to be a disaster, Obamacare, for the economy. In 2017, it will be impossible for us to pay for it if you look at what's going on. That's why it has to be repealed, for a lot of reasons, Number one, it doesn't work, number two, premium.You look at premiums going up, 25, 35, even 45 percent, and more. We have to get rid of Obamacare. It is going to destroy our economy completely. Our economy is not doing well. It is going to destroy our economy greatly. And on that, I agree.That's false.No, I said it worked in a couple of countries...No, I did not. No I did not.Correct. I will not let people die on the streets if I'm president.Excuse me. Let me talk. If people...If people -- my plan is very simple. I will not -- we're going to have private -- we are going to have health care, but I will not allow people to die on the sidewalks and the streets of our country if I'm president. You may let it and you may be fine with it...... I'm not fine with it. We are going to take those people...Excuse me. We are going to take those people and those people are going to be serviced by doctors and hospitals. We're going to make great deals on it, but we're not going to let them die in the streets.You know what? Call it what you want.Call it what you want, people are not going to be dying on the sidewalk.Because the country will become a dynamic economy. We'll be dynamic again. If you look at what's going on, we have the highest taxes anywhere in the world. We pay more business tax, we pay more personal tax. We have the highest taxes in the world. It's shutting off our economy. It's shutting off our country. We have trillions of dollars outside that we can't get in. Yes, we will do my tax plan, and it will be great. We will have a dynamic economy again.We're going to make many cuts in business. We're getting rid of -- we're going to get rid of so many different things. Department of Education -- Common Core is out. We're going local. Have to go local. [Applause] Environmental protection -- we waste all of this money. We're going to bring that back to the states. And we're going to have other [Inaudible] many things. [Applause] We are going to cut many of the agencies, we will balance our budget, and we will be dynamic again.Waste, fraud and abuse all over the place. Waste, fraud and abuse. [Applause] You look at what's happening with Social Security, you look -- look at what's happening with every agency -- waste, fraud and abuse. We will cut so much, your head will spin.I just want to say -- and I'm a big fan of the governor, but they also struck oil, OK, so that helped Iowa a lot.All right. First of all, let me just explain. I was the first one to file a financial disclosure form -- almost 100 pages. You don't learn anything about somebody's wealth with a tax return. You learn it from statements.I filed -- which shows that I'm worth over $10 billion. I built a great company with very little debt. People were shocked, the people in the back, the reporters, they were shocked when they went down.And I filed it on time. I didn't ask for five 45-day extensions, which I would have been entitled to. So as far as that's concerned, I filed it.And that's where you find out what kind of a company. You don't learn anything from a tax return. I will say this.Mitt Romney looked like a fool when he delayed and delayed and delayed. And Harry Reid baited him so beautifully. And Mitt Romney didn't file his return until a September 21st of 2012, about a month-and-a-half before the election.And it cost him big league. As far as my return, I want to file it, except for many years, I've been audited every year. Twelve years, or something like that. Every year they audit me, audit me, audit me. Nobody gets audited -- I have friends that are very wealthy people. They never get audited. I get audited every year. I will absolutely give my return, but I'm being audited now for two or three years, so I can't do it until the audit is finished, obviously. And I think people would understand that.Are you going to ask anybody else that question?Every single question comes to me?I know I'm here for the ratings, but it's a little bit ridiculous. [Laughter]True.No, I'm not. First of all, very few people listen to your radio show. That's the good news. [Laughter]Let me just tell you, let me just -- which happens to be true. Check out the ratings. Look, let me just tell you something. Let me just tell you something. I want to release my tax returns but I can't release it while I'm under an audit. We're under a routine audit. I've had it for years, I get audited. And obviously if I'm being audited, I'm not going to release a return. As soon as the audit is done, I love it.Eighty-five percent say you, big difference.So at the beginning, I said openly to everybody that I contribute to many, many politicians, both Republican and Democrat. And I have, over the years. I'm a businessman.I have, over the years. And I sort of have to laugh when Ted makes a big deal out of the fact that he's doing well in the polls. Well, I'm beating him in virtually every poll.I'm tied in Texas, by the way, which I shouldn't be. But I think I'll do very well. [Applause] But a poll just came out -- a Bloomberg poll -- where I am beating him so badly that it's, like, embarrassing even for me to say I'm beating him that badly.[Applause] And -- and here's the thing -- it was sort of funny -- 65 percent of the people don't like you -- I just got 36 percent of the vote, right? I just got 46 percent on another one. I got 38 percent... [Bell Rings] ...on another one. That means -- and he got 20 and 22, and he lost in South Carolina so badly -- that was going to be his stronghold. He said a year ago, "I can't lose South Carolina." I beat him in a landslide.Last week in Nevada, I beat him in a landslide, and he sang about the polls. One other thing -- Hillary Clinton -- take a look at USA Today, take a look at the Q poll. I beat her, and I beat her badly. And I -- and I haven't even started at her. I only had one little interchange... [Applause] ... I only had one little interchange, and that was... [Bell Rings] ... four weeks ago, when she said I was sexist. And believe me, they had a rough weekend that weekend, between Bill and Hillary. They had a rough weekend. [Applause]Nothing.You -- you don't...I'm not afraid [Inaudible] .... first of all, he's talking about the polls. I'm beating him awfully badly in the polls. [Crosstalk]Well, then, if I can't -- if -- hey, if I can't beat her, you're really going to get killed, aren't you? [Applause]I'm being audited 12 years in a row, at least. Now, until that audit's done, and I don't think anybody would blame me, I'm not giving it... [Crosstalk][Inaudible] audited for those years.Shocking. [Laughter]Right.Well, first of all, I don't think they do under President Obama because I think he's treated Israel horribly, all right? I think he's treated Israel horribly. [Applause]I was the grand marshall down 5th Avenue a number of years ago for the Israeli Day Parade, I have very close ties to Israel. I've received the Tree of Life Award and many of the greatest awards given by Israel. As president, however, there's nothing that I would rather do to bring peace to Israel and its neighbors generally.And I think it serves no purpose to say that you have a good guy and a bad guy. Now, I may not be successful in doing it. It's probably the toughest negotiation anywhere in the world of any kind.OK? But it doesn't help if I start saying, "I am very pro-Israel, very pro, more than anybody on this stage." But it doesn't do any good to start demeaning the neighbors, because I would love to do something with regard to negotiating peace, finally, for Israel and for their neighbors. And I can't do that as well -- as a negotiator, I cannot do that as well if I'm taking big, big sides. With that being said, I am totally pro-Israel.Well, I can only say -- look, I can only say I've been a big contributor to Israel over the years. I've received many, many awards from Israel, as I've said before. I have a great relationship with Israel. And I'm going to keep it that way. And if I could bring peace, that would be a fantastic thing. It would be one of my greatest achievements as president.I'm a negotiator. I've done very well over the years through negotiation. It's very important that we do that. In all fairness, Marco is not a negotiator. I watched him melt down and I'll tell you, it was one of the saddest things I've ever seen. He's not going down -- excuse me...... wait a minute, and these people may even be tougher than Chris Christie. OK?OK, no, no, no -- a deal is a deal. Let me tell you that. I learned a long time ago.You are not a negotiator. You are not a negotiator. [Applause]And, with your thinking, you will never bring peace. You will never bring peace...... Excuse me, I want to be able to bring peace...He will never be able to do it. I think I may be able to do it, although I will say this. Probably the toughest deal of any kind is that particular deal.One thing I'd like to add to what the Governor's saying, I think that we are now in a position -- are $19 trillion dollars because of the horrible omnibus budget that was approved six weeks ago, it's going to be $21 trillion dollars. We can no longer defend all of these countries, Japan, Germany, South Korea. You order televisions, you order almost anything, you're getting it from these countries.Whether it's a Mercedes-Benz, or whether it's an air conditioning unit. They're coming out of these countries. They are making a fortune. Saudi Arabia, we are defending Saudi Arabia. Before the oil went down, now they're making less, but they're making plenty. They were making $1 billion dollars a day. [Bell Rings] We defend all of these countries for peanuts. You talk about budgets. We have to start getting reimbursed for taking care of the military services for all of these countries. [Applause]I really don't because it not working and the countries aren't agreeing to it and the rebels aren't agreeing and Syria is not agreeing. So It's a meaningless ceasefire. I love the idea of a ceasefire. I love the idea of -- with a total cessation. But it's not working, as you know very well. It's not working. If -- we can do what we want with Russia but nobody else is adhering to it. So I certainly support it, I would certainly love it, but all parties have to be part of it.Again, I think I gave them both checks to be exactly honest. I think they both liked me very much. But the fact is that ...Well, I think Bush did a hell of a bad as far as that's concerned. You know it and so do I.Be honest. Be honest. No, this was before. The check came early.But let me just tell you, Syria, he's saying that I was in favor of Syria. He said I was in favor of Libya? I never discussed that subject. I was in favor of Libya? We would be so much better off if Gadhafi were in charge right now.If these politicians went to the beach and didn't do a thing, and we had Saddam Hussein and if we had Gadhafi in charge, instead of having terrorism all over the place, we'd be -- at least they killed terrorists, all right? And I'm not saying they were good because they were bad, they were really bad, but we don't know what we're getting. You look at Libya right now, ISIS, as we speak, is taking over their oil. As we speak, it's a total mess.We would have been better off if the politicians took a day off instead of going into war. [Applause]I never said walk away. I wouldn't want to walk away. I want them to pay us much more money. We cannot afford to subsidize...A lot. I'll negotiate a lot more money than you'll ever get. As far as John Kerry is concerned, there has been no tougher critic of this man, I think he negotiated one of the worst deals in the history of our country, the Iran deal, where they get their $150 billion and all of the other things that take place. It is a disaster for this country, and speaking of Israel, it's a disaster for Israel. I'm no fan of John Kerry. [Crosstalk]Well, look, my response is very simple. There is nobody on this stage that has done more for Israel than I have. Nobody. You might say, you might talk, you're politicians, all talk, no action. [Applause]I've been watching it all my life. You are all talk and no action.What I've seen up here -- I mean, first of all, this guy is a choke artist, and this guy is a liar. You have a combination...You have a combination of factors. He can't do it...... for the obvious reason, and he can't do it because he doesn't know how to tell the truth. Other than that, I rest my case. [Crosstalk]I watched -- I watched... [Applause] ... the lobbyists. I watched what this man did to Dr. Ben Carson, who I respect, in Iowa, where he said that Ben Carson is out of the race -- he has left Iowa and he's out of the race. And I thought it was disgraceful. And got a lot of votes because of that -- a lot of votes.Took them away from Ben Carson. I watched that. Probably took them away from me, too. But I watched it. I also watched where he did a forum that looked like it came right out of a government agency, and it said on top, "Voter Violation," and then it graded you... [Bell Rings] ... and it scared the hell out of people, and it said the only way you clear up the violation, essentially, is to go and vote for Ted Cruz. I watched that fraudulent document, and I said it's the worst thing I've ever seen in politics. [Bell Rings] To me, that was even worse than what he did to Ben.I know politicians -- I know politicians, believe it or not, better than you do. And it's not good.I funded you. I funded him. Can you believe it? [Applause]I funded this guy. I gave him a check.I gave him a check. He never funded me.You know why? I didn't want to, but he sent me his book with his autograph... [Crosstalk]Mr. Trump, you're doing a great job. I have his book. [Crosstalk]Thank you -- thank you for the book. Go ahead.This is a lot of fun up here tonight, I have to tell you. [Applause] Thank -- thank you for the book. I really appreciate.Go ahead. I'm relaxed. You're the basket case. [Crosstalk] Go ahead.Go ahead. Don't get nervous.Go ahead. [Crosstalk]I've seen you.You're losing so badly you -- I want to...... I -- you don't know what's happening. [Crosstalk]First of all, you're talking about a border that's many, many times longer. You're talking about a massive border. We have far less problem with that border than we do with our Southern border, and tremendous amounts -- you know, I won, I had the privilege of winning by a landslide, by the way, New Hampshire.You go to New Hampshire, the first thing they talk about is heroin and drugs pouring in. And, you wouldn't think this beautiful place -- it's beautiful. With the trees and the roads, and the countryside.Their biggest problem is heroin, and it's such a shame to see it. They're pouring in from the Southern border, so I'm talking about great security. I'm talking about a wall that can absolutely be built, and I'll build it on time, on budget.It'll be a very high wall, a great wall. It's going to be built, it's going to be built. It's going to be paid for by Canada, by the way -- maybe I'll get Canada to pay? Got to be paid for by Mexico.The problem with Canada, you're talking about a massively long piece. You're talking about a border that would be about four times longer. It would be very, very hard to do, and we -- it is not our biggest problem. I don't care what anyone says. It is not our big problem. Our big problem is not only people coming in, and in many cases the wrong people, it's the tremendous amount of drugs that are coming in. [Applause]Thank you. Nobody knows politicians better than I do. They're all talk, they're no action, nothing gets done.I've watched it for years. Take a look at what's happening to our country. All of the things that I've been talking about, whether it's trade, whether it's building up our depleted military, whether it's taking care of our vets, whether it's getting rid of Common Core, which is a disaster, or knocking out Obamacare and coming up with something so much better, I will get it done. Politicians will never, ever get it done. And we will make America great again. Thank you. [Applause]Well, I can say this. If the President, and if I were President now I would certainly want to try and nominate a justice. I'm sure that, frankly, I'm absolutely sure that President Obama will try and do it.I hope that our Senate is going to be able -- Mitch, and the entire group, is going to be able to do something about it. In times of delay, we could have a Diane Sykes, or you could have a Bill Pryor, we have some fantastic people. But this is a tremendous blow to conservatism. It's a tremendous blow, frankly to our country.... I think he's going to do it whether or I'm OK with it or not. I think it's up to Mitch McConnell, and everybody else to stop it. It's called delay, delay, delay. [Applause]What we want to do, when we want to do it, and how hard do we want to hit? Because we are going to have to hit very, very hard to knock out ISIS. We're going to also have to learn who our allies are. We have allies, so-called allies, we're spending billions and billions of dollars supporting people -- we have no idea who they are in Syria.Do we want to stay that route, or do we want to go and make something with Russia? I hate to say Iran, but with Russia, because we -- and the Iran deal is one of the worst deals I have ever seen negotiated in my entire life. It's a disgrace that this country negotiated that deal. But very important...[Applause] Not only a disgrace, it's a disgrace and an embarrassment. But very important, who are we fighting with? Who are we fighting for? What are we doing? We have to rebuild our country. But we have to -- I'm the only one on this stage that said, "Do not go into Iraq.Do not attack Iraq." Nobody else on this stage said that. And I said it loud and strong. And I was in the private sector. I wasn't a politician, fortunately. But I said it, and I said it loud and clear, "You'll destabilize the Middle East." That's exactly what happened. I also said, by the way, four years ago, three years ago, attack the oil, take the wealth away, attack the oil and keep the oil. They didn't listen. They just started that a few months ago. [Applause]... [Inaudible] called me a genius, I like him so far, I have to tell you. Let me just tell you this.Jeb is so wrong. Jeb is absolutely self -- just so you understand, you know what that is? That's Jeb's special interest and lobbyist talking. Look, let me just tell you something, Jeb -- Jeb is so wrong.You got to fight ISIS first. You fight ISIS first. Right now you have Russia, you have Iran, you have them with Assad, and you have them with Syria.You have to knock out ISIS. They're chopping off heads. These are animals. You have to knock em out. You have to knock them off strong. You decide what to do after, you can't fight two wars at one time. If you listen to him, and you listen to some of the folks that I've been listening to, that's why we've been in the Middle East for 15 years, and we haven't won anything. We've spent $5 trillion dollars in the Middle East with thinking like that. We've spent $5... [Bell Rings]Lindsey Graham, who backs him, had zero on his polls. Let me just say something -- we've spent -- we've spent. I only tell the truth, lobbyists. We've spent $5 trillion dollars all over the -- we have to rebuild our country. We have to rebuild our infrastructure. you listen to that you're going to be there for another 15...... You'll end up with world war three...... We're supporting troops...that we don't even know who they are.... We're supporting troops that we don't even know who they are...We have no idea who they are.... Oh, yeah, yeah...... Let 44 million in New Hampshire, it was practically [Inaudible] ...... 44 million -- give me a break. [Crosstalk]First of all, I have to say, as a businessman I get along with everybody. I have business all over the world. [Booing]I know so many of the people in the audience. And by the way, I'm a self-funder. I don't have -- I have my wife and I have my son. That's all I have. I don't have this. [Applause]So let me just tell you, I get along with everybody, which is my obligation to my company, to myself, et cetera. Obviously, the war in Iraq was a big, fat mistake. All right? Now, you can take it any way you want, and it took -- it took Jeb Bush, if you remember at the beginning of his announcement, when he announced for president, it took him five days.He went back, it was a mistake, it wasn't a mistake. It took him five days before his people told him what to say, and he ultimately said, "it was a mistake." The war in Iraq, we spent $2 trillion, thousands of lives, we don't even have it. Iran has taken over Iraq with the second-largest oil reserves in the world. Obviously, it was a mistake.George Bush made a mistake. We can make mistakes. But that one was a beauty. We should have never been in Iraq. We have destabilized the Middle East.I'm being nice.He spent $22 million in... [Crosstalk]The World Trade Center came down during your brother's reign, remember that. [Booing]That's not keeping us safe.She should be running.How did he keep us safe when the World Trade Center -- the World -- excuse me. I lost hundreds of friends. The World Trade Center came down during the reign of George Bush. He kept us safe? That is not safe. That is not safe, Marco. That is not safe.And George Bush-- by the way, George Bush had the chance, also, and he didn't listen to the advice of his CIA.I don't want to go. [Laughter]Yes.First of all, the -- when you say I'm the only candidate, if you listen to the Democrats, they want to do many things to Social Security and I want to do them on its own merit. You listen to them, what they want to do to Social Security, none of these folks are getting elected, OK, whether they can do it or not. I'm going to save Social Security.I'm going to bring jobs back from China. I'm going to bring jobs back from Mexico and from Japan, where they're all -- every country throughout the world -- now Vietnam, that's the new one. They are taking our jobs.They are taking our wealth. They are taking our base. And you and I have had this discussion.We're going to make our economy strong again. I'm lowering taxes. We have $2.5 trillion offshore.We have 2.5 trillion that I think is actually five trillion because the government has no idea when they say 2.5, they have no idea what they're doing or saying, as they've proven very well. We're going to bring that money back. You take a look at what happened just this week, China bought the Chicago Stock Exchange, China, a Chinese company.Carrier is moving to Mexico, air conditioning company. Not only the ones I talk about all the time, Nabisco and Ford and -- they're all moving out. We have an economy that last quarter, GDP didn't grow. It was flat. We have to make our economy grow again. We're dying. This country is dying. And our workers are losing their jobs, and you're going...I'm the only one who is going to save Social Security, believe me.Because you have tremendous waste. I'll tell you...You have tremendous waste, fraud and abuse. That we're taking care of. That we're taking care of.It's tremendous. We have in Social Security right now thousand and thousands of people that are over 106 years old. Now, you know they don't exist. They don't exist. There's tremendous waste, fraud and abuse, and we're going to get it. But we're not going to hurt the people who have been paying into Social Security their whole life and then all of a sudden they're supposed to get less. We're bringing our jobs back. We're going to make our economy great again.I want everybody taken care of, but we have to take care of our people in this country. We're not taking care of our people. We have no border.We have no control. People are flooding across. We can't have it. We either have a border, and I'm very strongly -- I'm not proposing. I will build a wall. I will build a wall. Remember this, the wall will be paid for by Mexico. We are not being treated right. [Applause] We are not being treated properly. If we don't have borders, if we don't have strength, we don't have a country. People are flowing across. We have to take care of our people. Believe me.Look... [Applause]... when I announced that I was running for president on June 16th, illegal immigration wasn't even a subject. If I didn't bring it up, we wouldn't even be talking.Now I don't often agree with Marco, and I don't often agree with Ted, but I can in this case. The weakest person on this stage by far on illegal immigration is Jeb Bush. They come out of an act of love, whether you like it or not. He is so weak on illegal immigration it's laughable, and everybody knows it.... Spend a little more money on the commercials...[Inaudible] . I don't know what you're talking about.... I never called him -- I don't call him..He also said about language...... Language. Two days ago he said he would take his pants off and moon everybody, and that's fine. Nobody reports that. He gets up and says that, and then he tells me, oh, my language was a little bit rough...... My language. Give me a break...... You did say it, You did say it. Been reported in 10 different news...Or a tax.I would build consensus with Congress and Congress would agree with me. I'll give you an example because I don't like the idea of using executive orders like our president. It is a disaster what he's doing.I would build consensus, but consensus means you have to work hard. You have to cajole. You have to get them into the Oval Office and get them all together, and you have to make deals.Let me just tell you, I mentioned before, China -- big Chinese company bought the Chicago Exchange. Kerry is moving -- and if you saw the people, because they have a video of the announcement that Carrier is moving to Mexico, OK? Well, I'll tell you what. I would go right now to Carrier and I would say I am going to work awfully hard.You're going to make air conditioners now in Mexico. You're going to get all of these 1400 people that are being laid off -- they're laid off. They were crying.They were -- it was a very sad situation. You're going to go to Mexico. You're going to make air conditioners in Mexico, you're going to put them across our border with no tax. I'm going to tell them right now, I am going to get consensus from Congress and we're going to tax you when those air conditioners come. So stay where you are or build in the United States because we are killing ourselves with trade pacts that are no good for us and no good for our workers. [Applause]John, in life you have flexibility. You do have flexibility. When you're fighting wars, you're going one way, you have a plan.It's a beautiful plan. It can't lose. The enemy makes a change, and all of a sudden you have to change.You have to have flexibility. In Ronald Reagan, though, in terms of what we're talking about, was the great example. He was a somewhat liberal Democrat who became a somewhat, pretty strong conservative. He became -- most importantly he became a great president. He made many of the changes that I've made -- I mean, I've seen as a grew up, I've seen, and as I get older and wiser, and I feel that I am a conservative. Now, I also feel I'm a common-sense conservative, because some of the views I don't agree with. And I think a lot of people agree with me, obviously, based on what's happening.Well, I think these people always hit me with eminent domain, and frankly, I'm not in love with eminent domain. But eminent domain is something you need very strongly. When Jeb had said, "You used eminent domain privately for a parking lot." It wasn't for a parking lot.The state of New Jersey -- too bad Chris Christie is not here, he could tell you -- the state of New Jersey went to build a very large tower that was going to employ thousands of people. I mean, it was going to really do a big job in terms of economic development. Now, just so you understand, I got hit very hard. It's private, it's private eminent domain. You understand that they took over a stadium in Texas, and they used private eminent domain, but he just found that out after he made the charge.Yeah. Well, Jeb, wouldn't have known about it.You shouldn't have used it then, Jeb.Thank you very much, I appreciate it.You probably are worse than Jeb Bush. You are single biggest liar. This guys lied - let me just tell you, this guy lied about Ben Carson when he took votes away from Ben Carson in Iowa and he just continues.Today, we had robo-calls saying. "Donald Trump is not going to run in South Carolina," -- where I'm leading by a lot." I'm not going to vote for Ted Cruz. This is the same thing he did to Ben Carson. This guy will say anything, nasty guy. Now I know why he doesn't have one endorsement from any of his colleagues.He's a nasty guy.Where did I support it? Where did I...Again, where did I support it?Hey Ted, where I support it?Where did I support?That's a lot of lies.It does do wonderful things but not as it relates to abortion.Excuse me. Excuse me, there are wonderful things having to do with women's health.But not when it comes to abortion.Hold on...Ted Cruz told your brother that he wanted John Roberts to be on the United States Supreme Court. They both pushed him, he twice approved Obamacare.OK, governor.You pushed him. You pushed him.You worked with him and you pushed him. Why do you lie?Why do you lie?You pushed him.Yeah, yeah, I know, you're an adult.Well, I would say my wife tells me I'm wrong all the time. And I listen. [Laughter]Oh, let me just say -- look, I am very open -- I hired top people. I've had great success. I built a great, great company.I don't need to do this. I'm self-funding. I'm spending a lot of money.I've spent -- like in New Hampshire, I spent $3 million. Jeb bush spent $44 million. He came in five, and I came in No.1. That's what the country needs, folks. I spent $3, he spends 42 of their money, of special interest money. And it's just -- this is not going to make -- excuse me. This is not going to make our country great again. This is not what we need in our country. We need people that know what the hell they're doing. And politicians, they're all talk, they're no action. And that's why people are supporting me. I do listen to people. I hire experts. I hire top, top people. And I do listen. And you know what? Sometimes they're wrong. You have to know what to do, when to do it. But sometimes they're wrong.Well, I'll tell you -- over the years, I've made many speeches. People have asked me, big companies have asked me to make speeches, and friends of mine that run big companies on success. And occasion, in order to sort of really highlight something, I'll use a profanity.One of the profanities that I got credited with using, that I didn't use, was a very bad word, two weeks ago, that I never used. I said, "You." And everybody said "Oh, he didn't say anything wrong." But you bleeped it, so everyone thinks I said the -- I didn't say anything. I never said the word.It is very unfair, that criticism. Now, I will say this, with all of that being said, I have said I will not do it at all, because if I say a word that's a little bit off color, a little bit, it ends up being a headline. I will not do it again. I was a very good student at a great school not using -- by the way -- not using profanity is very easy.That's not -- let me respond. That's another lie. I never went bankrupt! [Crosstalk]No, but it's another lie.No, but it's another lie. This guy doesn't know what he's talking about. Just a lie.Let me just tell you. Jeb goes around saying, just like the biggest business leaders in this country, I've used the laws of the land to chapter -- I bought a company, I threw it immediately into a chapter, I made a great deal. I uses the laws to my benefit, because I run a company.Excuse me, Jeb!I never went bankrupt, never. Now -- but you don't want to say that. Now, let me just say, I've used it, just like the biggest leaders in the country. Let me tell you something -- Florida.Florida, he put so much debt on Florida. You know, we keep saying he's a wonderful governor, wonderful governor. He put so much debt on Florida, and he increased spending so much that as soon as he got out of office, Florida crashed. I happened to be there. It's my second home. Florida crashed. He didn't do a good job as governor.And you haven't -- excuse me, you haven't heard that. You listen to the good record in Florida. You take a look at what happened, as soon as that year ended he got out, Florida crashed. Too much debt. He loaded it up with debt, and his spending went through the roof. [Crosstalk]By the way...... he was not a good governor.Take a look at your numbers.Florida went down the tubes right after he got out of office.Went right down because of what he did to it.Thank you. Politicians are all talk, no action. You've seen where they've take you to.We are 19 trillion dollars right now. It's going to be increased with that horrible budget from a month ago that was just approved by politicians. We need a change.We need a very big change. We're going to make our country great again. I say this every night, every day, every afternoon and it's so true - we don't win anymore.We don't win with healthcare, we don't win with ISIS and the military, we don't take care of our vets, we don't care of our borders, we don't win. We are going to start winning again. We are not going to be controlled by people that are special interests and lobbyists that everybody here has contributed to. And you know what, they do exactly what those folks want them to do. We are going to make our country great and we're going to do the right thing. I'm working for you. I'm not working for anybody else. Thank you very much.I actually think I have the best temperament. I built a massive corporation. I employ thousands and thousands of people. I've gotten along with people for years and years, have tremendous relationships with many people, including politicians on both sides. And no matter how you cut it, when I -- when I came out, I hit immigration, I hit it very hard. Everybody said, "Oh, the temperament," because I talked about illegal immigration.Now, everybody's coming to me, they're all trying to say, well, he's right, we have to come to him. I hit other things. I talked about Muslims.We have a problem. Nobody else wanted to mention the problem, I brought it up. I took a lot of heat.We have to have a temporary something, because there's something going on that's not good. And remember this, I'm the only one up here, when the war of Iraq -- in Iraq, I was the one that said, "Don't go, don't do it, you're going to destabilize the Middle East." So, I'm not one with a trigger. I'm not one with a trigger. Other people up here, believe me, would be a lot faster. But I'll build the mill arbitrary stronger, bigger, better than anybody up here, and nobody is going to mess with us. That, I can tell you. [Applause]Am I allowed to respond? I have to respond.First of all, I respect what Ted just said, but if you noticed, he didn't answer your question. And that's what's going to happen -- OK. [Applause] That's what's going to happen with our enemies and the people we compete against. We're going to win with Trump. We're going to win. We don't win anymore. Our country doesn't win anymore. We're going to win with Trump. And people back down with Trump. And that's what I like and that's what the country is going to like. [Applause]Well, let me say a couple of things. First of all, Marco said earlier on that President Obama knows exactly what he's doing, like we have this president that really knows. I disagree, respectfully, with Marco. I think we have a president who, as a president, is totally incompetent, and he doesn't know what he's doing. [Applause] I think he has no idea what he's doing. And our country is going to hell. So, I just want to say, we disagree on that. Is that okay?Good.As to North Korea?We have -- tremendous -- has been just sucked out of our country by China. China says they don't have that good of control over North Korea. They have tremendous control.I deal with the Chinese all of the time. I do tremendous -- the largest bank in the world is in one of my buildings in Manhattan. I deal with them. They tell me. They have total, absolute control, practically, of North Korea. They are sucking trillions of dollars out of our country -- they're rebuilding China with the money they take out of our country. I would get on with China, let China solve that problem. [Bell Rings] They can do it quickly and surgically. That's what we should do with North Korea.Good evening.Yes.I don't think I am. I think I'm closer to common sense. We are going to repeal Obamacare. [Applause]We're going to repeal Obamacare. We are going to replace Obamacare with something so much better. And there are so many examples of it.And I will tell you, part of the reason we have some people laughing, because you have insurance people that take care of everybody up here. I am self-funded. The only one they're not taking care of is me.We have our lines around each state. The insurance companies are getting rich on Obamacare. The insurance companies are getting rich on health care and health services and everything having to do with health. We are going to end that. We're going to take out the artificial boundaries, the artificial lines. We're going to get a plan where people compete, free enterprise. They compete. So much better. [Applause]In addition to that, you have the health care savings plans, which are excellent. What I do say is, there will be a certain number of people that will be on the street dying and as a Republican, I don't want that to happen. We're going to take care of people that are dying on the street because there will be a group of people that are not going to be able to even think in terms of private or anything else and we're going to take care of those people.And I think everybody on this stage would have to agree... [Bell Rings] ... you're not going to let people die, sitting in the middle of a street in any city in this country. [Applause]Well, let me just tell you about eminent domain because almost all of these people actually criticize it, but so many people have hit me with commercials and other things about eminent domain. Eminent domain is an absolute necessity for a country, for our country. Without it, you wouldn't have roads, you wouldn't have hospitals, you wouldn't have anything.You wouldn't have schools, you wouldn't have bridges. You need eminent domain. And a lot of the big conservatives that tell me how conservative they are -- I think I'm more than they are -- they tell me, oh -- well, they all want the Keystone Pipeline.The Keystone Pipeline, without eminent domain, it wouldn't go 10 feet, OK? You need eminent domain. And eminent domain is a good thing, not a bad thing. And what a lot of people don't know because they were all saying, oh, you're going to take their property.When somebody -- when eminent domain is used on somebody's property, that person gets a fortune. They get at least fair market value, and if they are smart, they'll get two or three times the value of their property. But without eminent domain, you don't have roads, highways, schools, bridges or anything. So eminent domain -- it's not that I love it, but eminent domain is absolutely -- it's a necessity for a country. And certainly it's a necessity for our country.Yes.Jeb wants to be -- he wants to be a tough guy tonight. I didn't take the property.I didn't take the property.The woman ultimately didn't want to do that. I walked away.Well, let me just -- you know, he wants to be a tough guy. A lot of times, you'll have -- you'll have -- and it didn't work very well.A lot of time -- let me talk. Quiet. A lot of times -- a lot of times...... you -- let me talk. Let me talk. Quiet. A lot of times... [Booing] ...that's all of his donors and special interests out there. [Booing] So -- it's what it is. That's what -- and by the way, let me just tell you, we needed tickets.You can't get them. You know who has the tickets for the -- I'm talking about, to the television audience? Donors, special interests, the people that are putting up the money. [Booing] That's who it is.The RNC told us. We have all donors in the audience. And the reason they're not loving me... [Booing] ... the reason they're not -- excuse me. The reason they're not loving me is, I don't want their money. I'm going to do the right thing for the American public. I don't want their money. I don't need their money. And I'm the only one up here that can say that. Eminent domain, the Keystone pipeline -- do you consider that a private job? Do you -- do you consider that...No -- no, let me ask you, Jeb. [Bell Rings] Do you consider the Keystone pipeline private?Is it public or private?Real -- a public use?No, it's a private job.It's a private job.You wouldn't have the Keystone pipeline that you want so badly without eminent domain.You wouldn't have massive -- excuse me, Josh -- you wouldn't have massive factories without eminent domain. [Booing]Well, I think I am, and to me, I view the word conservative as a derivative I -- of -- of the word conserve. We want to converse our money. We want to conserve our wealth.We want to conserve. We want to be smart. We want to be smart where we go, where we spend, how we spend. We want to conserve our country. We want to save our country. And we have people that have no idea how to do that and they are not doing it, and it's a very important word and it's something I believe in very, very strongly.Well, before I go there, I will tell you, I will bring jobs back from China. I will bring jobs back from Japan. I will bring jobs back from Mexico, where New Hampshire, by the way, has been virtually wiped out.They've lost so many businesses going to Mexico because of horrible trade deals. And now we're about to sign another trade deal, TPP, which is going to be a disaster for this country because they don't talk about monetary manipulation. It is going to be a disaster.I'm going to bring jobs back and I'll start bringing them back very fast. Under my tax plan -- right now, we're the highest taxed country in the world. Under my plan, we cut not only taxes for the middle class, but we cut taxes for corporations.We will bring back trillions of dollars that's offshore. Right now, they have $2.5 trillion, and in my opinion, it's much more than that. That's what the government says. All of that money is going to come back. And we're not going to lose Pfizer, which is now leaving, and other great companies, which is now leaving. And they're all leaving. We have many, many companies that are leaving this country. We're not going to lose them anymore because we're going to have a tax structure that is going to keep them in our country.Well, four years ago, I said, bomb the oil and take the oil. And if we did that, they wouldn't have the wealth they have right now. Now, I still say the same thing, because we're doing little pinpricks.We're not even bombing -- if somebody's driving a truck, they give notice to the person driving the truck, "we're going to bomb." If they don't get out of the truck, the truck sails away with the oil. We actually have a case where we don't want to bomb the oil, because we don't want to hurt -- pollute the atmosphere. Can you imagine General Douglas MacArthur or General Patton saying we can't bomb because we're gonna hurt the atmosphere? You have to knock the hell out of the oil.You have to take the oil. And you have also back channels of banking. You have people that you think are our great allies, our friends, in the Middle East, that are paying tremendous numbers of -- tremendous amounts of money to ISIS. So we have to stop those circuits. Nobody knows banking better than I do. They have back circuits, back channels. Tremendous amounts of money is coming in through the banking system. So between the oil and the banking, you will dry them up. But it should have been done four years ago, not now.You have to go in -- first of all, when you take away their money, when you take away their wealth, that'll very much weaken -- and it will happen fairly fast. They'll last for about a year, based on all of the wealth they've accumulated. But when you stop the banking channels and when you stop the oil and take the oil -- not just bomb it, take it -- when you do that, it's going to dry up very quickly. They're going to become a very weakened power, quickly. Thank you.Well, I'll tell you what. In the Middle East, we have people chopping the heads off Christians, we have people chopping the heads off many other people. We have things that we have never seen before -- as a group, we have never seen before, what's happening right now. The medieval times -- I mean, we studied medieval times -- not since medieval times have people seen what's going on. I would bring back waterboarding and I'd bring back a hell of a lot worse than waterboarding. [Applause]... No, a good deal maker will make great deals, but we'll do it the way our founders thought it should be done. People get together, they make deals.Ronald Reagan did it with Tip O'Neil very successfully, you didn't hear so much about executive orders, if you heard about it at all. You have to be able to get a consensus. Now, the real person like it was mentioned about the deal with Iran, how bad a deal is that? It doesn't get any more amateurish than that.A good deal maker would never make a deal like that. With Congress, you have to get everybody in a room, and you have to get them to agree. But, you have to get them to agree what you want, and that's part of being a deal maker. You can't leave the White House, go to Hawaii and play golf for three weeks and be a real deal maker. It doesn't work that way. You have to get people in, grab them, hug them, kiss them, and get the deal done. But, it's got to be the deal that you want. [Applause]Some?The problem with executive authority for the president, it's really bad news for this reason. Since he's given up on working with Congress, he thinks he can impose anything he wants. He's not a king.He's a president. An executive order should be used frankly in consolidation and with consulting with the leadership in the -- in the Congress. I've done it in Ohio.I consult. I could use executive orders, but I don't trump the legislature, because if you do, you aggravate them, you anger them and then the long-term prospects get bleak. We have to solve problems in America by coming together, Republicans and Democrats, Americans first, party and ideology second -- in the second back seat of this country. That's what we need to do. [Applause] And we can do it. And we can do it.Well...Yes. OK, good. It looked like he was looking right at me, right there.I think that -- I look at what's going on, I look at all of the polls, I do very, very well against Hillary Clinton. I can tell you, I'm the last person that she wants to run against. And I think you can see what we've done in terms of galvanizing.I've been all over the country. We're -- last night, I was in South Carolina, we had 12,000 people. It set up in about four days.We have galvanized and we've created a movement. A lot of it has to do with -- as an example, Josh's question on drugs. I'm the first person that said, "Build a wall." But I mean, a real wall, not a toy wall like they have right now.A real wall. And you'll solve lots of problems. But we will galvanize the people of this country, and we will beat Hillary Clinton. Because -- assuming that she runs, by the way, how she gets away with the e-mail stuff is hard to believe. So, I don't know that she's going to be running. But on the assumption she runs... [Applause] I mean, look. And speaking of that, if she runs, she's running for one reason. She's going to be able to run for one reason, and that's because the Democrats are protecting her. Because so many people have done so much less than her, and they were absolutely -- their lives have been destroyed.But on the assumption they do protect her, I will win the election and we will win it by a lot. We will win it handily. We cannot have another four years of essentially Barack Obama. [Applause]Well, there is a divide, but I have to say that the police are absolutely mistreated and misunderstood, and if there is an incident, whether it's an incident done purposely -- which is a horror, and you should really take very strong action -- or if it is a mistake, it's on your news casts all night, all week, all month, and it never ends. The police in this country have done an unbelievable job of keeping law and order, and they're afraid for their jobs, they're afraid of the mistreatment they get, and I'm telling you that not only, me speaking, minorities all over the country, they respect the police of this country and we have to give them more respect. They can't act.They can't act. They're afraid for losing their pension, their job. They don't know what to do. And I deal with them all the time. We have to give great respect, far greater than we are right now, to our really fantastic police. [Applause]Well, they do. And, you know, they sue. Everybody sues, right? They see excessive -- I mean, they go out, they sue.We have so much litigation -- I see the courts, I see what they're doing. They sue, and you know what? We don't want excessive force. But at what point -- you know, either you're going to have a police force that can do its job...I was just up in Manchester, I met with the police officers yesterday. Tremendous people. They love the area, they love the people, they love all the people. They want to do their job. And you're going to have abuse and you're going to have problems, and you've got to solve the problems and you have to weed out the problems. But the police in this country are absolutely amazing people.Well, I -- I know Diane Foley very well. Her husband and -- these are tremendous people. I spoke for them, I raised a lot of money for the foundation.I fully understand, James, one of -- that was really the first that we saw, really visually saw -- it was so horrible. And I will tell you, though, with all of that being said, you can not negotiate this way with terrorists. If you do, you are going to have many, many more James Foleys.James Foley was a great young man. His parents are incredible people. They've done such a good job, since his -- since his death. But you just cannot negotiate that way with terrorists, or you're gonna have so many other James Foleys. And one thing on the vets -- during the last debate, I raised $6 million for the vets, and I will tell you something... [Applause]Carolina.That's because he got Ben Carson's votes, by the way, but we won't [Inaudible] . Our country that we love so much doesn't win anymore. We don't win with the military, we don't' win on the border.You look at New Hampshire with the tremendous problem we have with heroin. Number one thing I hear from the people of New Hampshire, who I love, and developed such relationships, we don't win with healthcare. We don't win with trade. You look at what other countries are doing to us. China. Everyone, they're killing us on trade. If I'm elected president, we will win, and we will win, and we will win. Thank you, thank you very much. [Applause]Well, I want to thank Sheriff Joe. This is a man -- when we talk about borders, this is a man that believes in borders. And getting his endorsement means a lot to me, and he called and he said he'd like to do it. He's actually wanted to do that for quite some time, and we said let's hold it for a little while because we're looking at the world and we're seeing what's happening.We're seeing a lot of bad things happening and he's the kind of guy that we want on our team. He's tough, he's strong and he's smart, and he's done an amazing job, and he's got a great, great following of people that absolutely love him and revere him. And, Joe, I would like to really thank you. Come here.Thank you very much. OK. Questions?No deals. No deals. Joe never asked me for a thing. Sarah Palin never asked me for a thing. We got a tremendous endorsement today from, as you know, Jerry Falwell from Liberty University. Jerry is a terrific man. Respected by everybody. And I will tell you that -- what was so beautiful about it, no deals.Jerry didn't say, oh, could I do this? Could I do that? And Joe didn't say it, Sarah didn't say it. We don't make deals. We don't make deals. Not with Fox. Not with anybody. We don't make deals. You have a deal-maker for the country. The country needs somebody that knows what they're doing because we're a country that is adrift.We're a country that doesn't know what they're doing at the top. When you look at the Iran deal, when you look at the Bergdahl deal. When you look at any single thing they're doing, we are adrift. We have no idea what we're doing as a country, and it's a problem.Well, that's OK. I mean that's their opinion. Look, I'm pro-life but that's their opinion. And if they want to do that -- hey, all I can tell you is this, as you know, I'm pro-life. I've been pro-life for a long time.And I said -- what did I say? You didn't read it. Read the full statement of what I said. Read the full statement. No, no. You're not reading the full statement. Go ahead, get out the full statement. Read it.I know. I remember Tim Russert very well. He was a friend of mine. He was a good man.No, no. But read the full statement.OK. Look, they're going to -- they have their choice. They can do what they have to do. I'm pro-life. They can do what they have to do. There'll be many people that will be voting for me. That I can tell you.Well, I question Ted Cruz. I mean, you know, I questioned it very strongly. I mean, I don't even think -- you know, based on things that I've learned over the last few days, many lawyers are coming out saying he doesn't even have a right to run. He can't run because he was born in Canada. You've seen it Sarah.They say that Ted Cruz, because of the fact that he was born on Canadian soil, he cannot run for President. Now, the first thing that's going to happen, if he ever got the nomination, which I don't think will happen. But if he ever got the nomination, the first thing that's going to happen is the Democrats are going to sue.Because there's a very real question as to whether or not he is able to run, as to whether or not he's entitled to run. As you know, Laurence Tribe said it's not a settled matter, which is a big problem. But other people have now come back saying this is actually a settled matter. He doesn't have the right to run.I think I'm convincing them. I think we've -- look, every poll says that I'm ahead and -- you know, we'll see what happens. I have bonded with the people of Iowa. I'm in Iowa today. I've bonded. The evangelicals, when I get Jerry Falwell, who just endorsed me today, who is a phenomenal man from Liberty University.When Jerry called up, I was so happy to get that endorsement and he put it out just a little while ago. But I've really bonded with evangelicals, with the Tea Party and with the people of Iowa. We'll see what happens. We're going to see.Who's that?No, I don't think -- I think everybody knows about me. I think -- I appreciate the nice question. I think everybody knows about me.I just don't want to talk about that right now. Everybody knows my views and I think my views are very plain. Go ahead. Yes?Well, Fox is playing games, yeah. Fox is gonna make a fortune. I told Fox, you should give money to the Wounded Warriors. I'm not a fan of Megyn Kelly. I think she's a third rate reporter. I think she, frankly, is not good at what she does. And I think they could do a lot better than Megyn Kelly and so I'm going to be making a decision with Fox.But I probably won't bother doing the debate. I see they pick me as number one. Not only number one, number one by far. But, probably, I won't be doing the debate. I'm going to have something else in Iowa. We'll do something where we raise money for the veterans and the Wounded Warriors. We're going to do something simultaneously with the debate.But, most likely, I'm not going to do the debate. I didn't like the fact that they sent out press releases, toying, talking about Putin and playing games. I don't know what games Roger Ailes is playing but what's -- what's wrong over there? Something's wrong. But when they send out that press release talking about -- I said, what are these people?Playing games? So, most likely, I won't be doing the debate.See, the point is that, with me, they're dealing with somebody that's a little bit different. They can't toy with me like they toy with everybody else. So let them have their debate and let's see how they do with the ratings. And I told them, I said, give money to the Wounded Warriors. Give money to the veterans.They're going to make a fortune with the debate. Now let's see how many people watch. We'll have our own event. We'll raise some money for the Wounded Warriors. We'll raise money for the vets. But when they sent out the wise-guy press releases a little while ago, I was all set to do the debate. I came here to do the debate.When they sent out the wise-guy press releases a little while ago, done by some PR person, along with Roger Ailes, I said, bye, bye. OK? Go ahead.No, no, no, no. Excuse me. Just so you understand. I've done six debates. I've done six. According to every single poll, I've won every single debate. And probably the last one more than any of them. So every single poll has me winning every single debate. I've done six of them. And now you say when does it stop?How many debates do you have to do? The Democrats are finished with their debates. Is that a correct statement? They're finished. They don't have any more debates. The Republicans go on forever and ever and ever with debates. We have people on the stand that have zero, that have one, that have nothing. So, it's time that somebody plays grown-up. And then when I see a press release written by a child, like I just saw, I said, what do I have to do? Why do I have to make Fox rich?Let me make the Wounded Warriors rich. Let me make the veterans rich.Pretty close to irrevocable, yes.No, I think I'll do great in Iowa. I love Iowa. I don't think Iowa's gonna care. I don't want to be used. Hey, look, this country needs somebody that's a deal-maker. This country needs somebody that's gonna make great deals with Russia and China and Japan, where they're sending us millions of cars and we get -- what do we get?OK? What do we get? We have deficits with these country -- we need people that know what they're doing. We don't need babies. When they send stuff out like that -- they're not dealing with a baby. They're not dealing with a baby. So we'll see.Hey, look, I don't care. I think the opponents are wonderful people I know a lot of them. I think they're wonderful. Let's see how they do with the debate. Let's see how many people watch. OK? Let's see how many people watch. I said give money to the Wounded Warriors. I said give money to the veterans. Megyn Kelly is a lightweight.This is a lightweight. This is not a reporter. This, to me, is just a lightweight. Megyn Kelly shouldn't be in the debate. I don't care about Megyn. When Megyn Kelly didn't ask me a question, she made a statement last time, I thought it was inappropriate. Everybody said I won the debate. Everybody said I won the last debate.They said I want all of the debates. We've had six debates now. Why should the networks continue getting rich on these debates? Give some to the Wounded Warriors. They're making a fortune. Let's see how much money Fox is going to make on the debate without me. OK? All right? Let's see. All right. Yes?Well, I would seek his advice. Look, he's been a tremendous person, in terms of -- not only deportation, in terms of stopping a creative -- creating a border. But I have the toughest plan in terms of border. Nobody close. I'm building the wall and now other people are saying, we want to build a wall. Where were they?You know, where have they been? We're talking about building a wall. We're talking about building a strong border. Sheriff Joe understands that, probably, better than anybody. Because he's done a great job and he has been given very little resource. And so I think the representation of having Sheriff Joe on my side was really great.Something I appreciated very much.We have other people. No, we have other people. But I feel very strong that immigration -- we have to stop illegal immigration. When I announced I was running for President -- I did this on June 16th. I brought up illegal immigration. This would not even be talked about if I didn't bring it up. Wouldn't even be talked about.Right now it's the biggest subject. And now it carries over to ISIS and all of the things that are happening with the migration and Syria, and people coming in that -- we have no idea who they are. We have no idea who these people are. They could be ISIS. They could be some -- we don't know. And it's got to stop.We owe $19 trillion as a country. We have people running our country that are incompetent. They don't know what they're doing. We have to create a strong border. We need security for our country. We cannot allow that to happen.For what?I'd start right away. And you know what I'd do? I'd get the bad dudes out immediately. We have gangs, right now, that are made up -- in Los Angeles and different places, that are made up 100% of illegal immigrants who are rough tough dudes. They would be gone so fast. The local police know all about it. They know who they are.They would be gone so fast.Say it again.I probably would and I'll get Congress' approval. I get along. You know, my whole life I've been dealing with politicians. That's what I do. I deal with politicians. Politicians are fine. But now it's time to do it a lot better because these politicians have turned out to be all talk, no action. They talk -- all they care about is getting re-elected.We need to get our deficits down. We need to get -- we need to bring our country back. We're losing hundreds of billions of dollars a year in trade with China. We're losing tremendous amounts of money in trade with Japan. We do so much for everybody else. You look at South Korea. I have friends in South Korea.I have deals in South Korea. I have buildings in South Korea But we have 28,000 soldiers on the line. 28,000. What do we get out of all of this?I would speak to Congress. Certainly, I would at least speak to Congress.Well, we're losing a tremendous amount of money right now. We are losing so much money each year because of the illegal immigrants. People that are in our country illegally. Hundreds of billions of dollars. People don't realize that. They say, oh well, it costs a lot of money to build a wall. First of all, Mexico is going to pay for the wall.And the reason Mexico is going to pay -- you know, a lot of people think, like some of the politicians, well, you can't really get Mexico -- of course you can. They're making a fortune off the United States in terms of trade.They are going to pay for plenty. I have great relationships with Mexico. I have great relationships with the Mexican people. I have, right now, thousands of Hispanics. And you've seen some recent polls in Nevada and other places, where I'm leading in the polls with the Hispanics. They want jobs. People want jobs.I'm going to bring jobs back from China, from Japan, from Mexico. We're gonna bring jobs back to our country. Our country is starving for jobs. We're losing all of our jobs. We're losing our base. We're losing our manufacturing. China is devaluing its currency, making it an impossible for our -- it's making it virtually impossible for our companies to compete.And now Japan is doing the same thing. Japan is killing us with their yen. They're devaluing -- and you take a look at what's happening to Caterpillar versus Komatsu and some of the companies over there. It's brutal. Take a look at Caterpillar. They're getting killed because our politicians don't know what they're doing, and now we have corporate inversions where a lot of people -- you just saw the one today Tyco, etc., coming out, moving to Ireland.Pfizer, moving to Ireland. They're leaving the country. We have major corporation [Inaudible] the country because our politicians don't know what they're doing.Have to go. No, no, they'd have to go. Sure. Probably 50% are stopped at the border. 50% overstay. Overstay is very easy to take care of. I mean overstay, you have -- very simple. It's called management. It's called management. That's right. They fly in. They come in. They're here illegally. They stay forever.Can't happen. We either have a country or we don't. We're going to have a country again. It's called make America great. That's what's going to happen.Correct. Why didn't you read that -- by the way, why didn't you read that before?No, but why didn't you read that before? You didn't read, I hate the concept of --Excuse me, excuse me. Excuse me, very trustworthy. More so than you. Because you know what? You didn't read the question. See, when you quoted Tim Russert, you didn't read what you just said. Read it again. No, read it again.Go ahead.OK. You didn't read -- why didn't you say, when you asked a question before, that I hate the concept of abortion.No, no, no, no, no, no, no. No. You were quoting Tim Russert, and you were quoting -- excuse me. You were quoting Tim and you were quoting me. Why didn't you read my quote the way I said it?Well, then you got to get Wi-Fi. OK? Don't ask me questions like that. You're not a very good reporter doing that. OK. Go ahead.It's a cheap shot. Look, of course it's a cheap shot. You have a guy like Ted Cruz, who's nervous as can be -- I looked at him the other day, he's a wreck. He's a nervous wreck. His polls are going down the tubes. I guess I picked up 11 or 12 points in Iowa -- on him the other day, over a period of like less than a week.And he's a -- you know, look -- and he doesn't even know. Now, in his -- look, I understand him and I always got along with him fine. But I always waited -- and I waited for him to do -- and I -- and, finally, at the last debate, he finally started knocking the people of New York and values. I thought it was a disgrace and a lot of people thought it was a disgrace.And I'm not just talking about people from New York. What's going to happen, over the next period of time, nothing's going to be nice. Nothing's going to be easy. But Ted is a wreck. And the reason he's a wreck is he doesn't know if he -- he is checked and he's a good lawyer. He doesn't know himself, whether or not he has the legal right to run and to serve as President.Now, how can you vote for somebody when you know the Democrats are going to bring a suit. There's a cloud on title. It's called, in real estate, cloud on title. Here, it's a cloud over his head. Nobody knows whether or not he can even run for office. I tend to doubt it. Some great constitutional lawyers are now saying he doesn't have the right to serve.He cannot run and serve as President of the United States. That's a problem. I also didn't like the fact that, on his financial disclosure form -- it's a big problem. He's going to be Robin Hood. He's going to protect everybody. Well, he forgot to mention a couple of little facts. The banks, right? He didn't put them in. Now, why didn't he put Goldman Sachs in? Why didn't he put Citicorp in? He didn't put them in. He said he forgot.He also didn't know that he was a Canadian citizen 15 months ago. How come he didn't? He's a smart guy. He said, oh, I didn't know I was. He didn't know. He didn't know that he was a Canadian citizen. So he was born on Canada. He was a Canadian citizen, and 15 months ago he renounced his citizenship. So he probably has a first.He was the first Canadian citizen ever to be a senator in this country. A senator from Texas. But he didn't know he was a Canadian. He was a joint U.S.-Canadian citizen. He was a Canadian citizen. He didn't know that he was a Canadian citizen?No, I think my temperament is great. I mean, I built a great corporation. I built a great company. But I think when Fox sends out -- they're a little like written by a child. About Putin, etc., etc. Then I'd say, let them have their debate. I'm going to raise money during that period of time, for the Wounded Warriors and for the vets, and let Fox play its games.And I love the debates. I have to tell you, I love debating. I didn't know it. I've never debated before. I'm a builder. I create tens of thousands of jobs over the years. I didn't know I'd enjoy debating. And the first debate, I enjoyed, even though I thought it was a bad -- you know, I thought she was a bad moderator, in the case of Megyn Kelly.I think she's a total lightweight. But I have to tell you, I didn't know that I was going to enjoy the debate process. I actually love it. And if you check Drudge and if you check Time and if you check Slate, and all of the other online polls that judge the debates, almost every single poll -- I think every single poll, but almost every single poll said I won every single debate.It's not bad.Yeah. By the way, I never -- I think you could say that. Yeah. I think you could say that. Sure.It sounds like I'm out. Yeah. Doesn't it?No, I've never -- I've never -- no, no. I've never threatened to quit.No, I said -- it was CNN. I said, I think you should give money to the vets. And I've always said that. Wounded Warriors and vets. I think you should give money to the vets. You have a question that now is a legitimate question? Do you apologize?No, do you apologize?Yeah.For not reading my words.No, no. For not reading my words. No, do you apologize for not reading my words?Excuse me. Do you apologize for not reading my exact words?No, no, no. I didn't ask that.I didn't ask that. Excuse me. You quoted me and you took out the main part of the quote. I'm just asking, do you apologize?OK. Forget you. Just forget it. Go ahead Sarah. So go ahead.I don't -- it's not a cheap shot. I've had a very good life. I've been a very good person over my life. I'm a religious person. I'm a good person. I give money to charity. A lot of money to charity. I feel you can bring up whatever you have to bring up. Yes, go ahead.I'll give you an answer to that sometime in the future. Yes?What can I tell you? I can tell you that most people in the country -- most people in the country agree with me. And they agree with me having to do with illegal immigration. They agree with me when we mentioned the words radical Islamic terrorism, where the President of the United States refuses to use the term radical Islamic terrorism.Refuses to use. Why? You'll have to ask him. But you can't solve a problem until you're willing to discuss the problem. So why? You're going to have to ask him. Yes?Yes, go ahead.That's right. I am -- say it loud because I'd like everyone to hear that.So, why is it that I'm leading Ted Cruz with the evangelicals and why is it that, here, I'm leading him and I'm leading him big nationwide? Because he's, really, a nasty person. People don't like him. Senators don't like him. The people he works with don't like him. You have to have -- you know, we can all be rebels.I'm a little bit of a rebel. But you have to be able to get along with people. We have to build up our country again. Our country is absolutely falling apart. $19 trillion in debt. Tremendous deficits are -- believe me, the real number in jobs is not 5.2%. It's probably in the 25% category. Because when somebody gives up looking for a job, as you know, that's statistically taking off the rolls.Taken off the rolls. So we have to build up our country. To do that, you have to get along. At least you have to have a semblance of -- of something. People don't like Ted Cruz. They don't like him. And when you say, why am I doing better with the evangelicals than Ted Cruz? Because they like me better than Ted Cruz.And they understand, I am a Christian, I'm a good Christian. And the evangelicals have figured that out very easily and very quickly. OK. How about one more. Go ahead Tom.I don't at all. No. I just want to make America great again. You know, I've had a great life. I've employed tens of thousands of people. I've given them jobs. That means education. That means health care. I'm been very proud of it. I built an unbelievable company. Just an unbelievable -- when I filed with the FEC, people -- you all of you people ran down because you were trying to say, well maybe he's not as big as people think and it turned out I was much bigger.That's -- I have some of the great assets of the world. I have very little debt. I have tremendous cash flow. And I say that only because that's what our country needs Tom. That's what our country needs. Our country needs that kind of thinking. We have 19 trillion -- 19 trillion. Think of it. Trillion. We have $19 trillion in debt with a horrible budget deal that was just made.Horrible deal. That's adding another -- at least another two trillion. We're going to be at $21 trillion in debt. We're spending money like -- like a bunch of people that don't have any clue as to what's happening. We have leadership that's incompetent. We have leadership that, in many respects, is stupid.When I hear Kerry the other day say that, well, some of the $19 billion -- OK? Some of it is going to be spent -- the money that they got back, the 150 billion, some of it's going to be spent for terror like -- routinely, it's going to be spent for terror. And you know, it's interesting. They ordered, supposedly -- I read today, they're spending all their money in Europe.Iran spending all of this money in Europe. They ordered 114 Airbus jets made in Europe. Where's Boeing? Where's Boeing? Why aren't they buying Boeing? Why don't we have provisions where they have to buy our product? So when I look at the stupidity of our leadership in this country, and that goes from the border, to trade, to health care, to everything, I say, I have no choice.I love my life. I've enjoyed my life. I have a great family I have a great company. But I had to do this. We're going to make America great again. Thank you all very much. Thank you. Thank you.It's not fear and terror, it's reality. You just have to look today at Indonesia, bombings all over. [Applause] You look at California, you look, frankly, at Paris where there's a -- the strictest no-gun policy of any city anywhere in the world, and you see what happens: 130 people dead with many to follow.They're very, very badly wounded. They will -- some will follow. And you look around, and you see what's happening, and this is not the case when he introduced the doctor -- very nice, everything perfect but that is not representative of what you have in that line of migration.That could be the great Trojan Horse. It could be people that are going to do great, great destruction. When I look at the migration, I looked at the line, I said it actually on your show recently, where are the women? It looked like very few women.Very few children. Strong, powerful men, young and people are looking at that and they're saying what's going on? You look at the kind of damage that two people that two people that got married, they were radicalized -- they got married, they killed 15 people in actually 15 -- going to be probably 16 but you look at that and you take a look -- a good strong look and that's what we have. We are nineteen trillion dollars -- our country's a mess and we can't let all these people come into our country and break our borders. We can't do it. [Applause]But I was born here.[Inaudible] . Big difference.OK, good. Because it wouldn't work.... first of all, let me just tell you something -- and you know, because you just saw the numbers yourself -- NBC Wall Street Journal just came out with a poll -- headline: Trump way up, Cruz going down. I mean, so don't -- so you can't -- you can't...[Booing] ... they don't like the Wall Street Journal. They don't like NBC, but I like the poll.[Laughter] And frankly, it just came out, and in Iowa now, as you know, Ted, in the last three polls, I'm beating you. So -- you know, you shouldn't misrepresent how well you're doing with the polls. [Applause] You don't have to say that.In fact, I was all for you until you started doing that, because that's a misrepresentation, number one. Number two, this isn't me saying it. I don't care.I think I'm going to win fair and square [Inaudible] to win this way. Thank you. Lawrence Tribe and [Inaudible] from Harvard -- of Harvard, said that there is a serious question as to whether or not Ted can do this.OK? There are other attorneys that feel, and very, very fine constitutional attorneys, that feel that because he was not born on the land, he cannot run for office. Here's the problem. We're running.We're running. He does great. I win. I choose him as my vice presidential candidate, and the Democrats sue because we can't take him along for the ride. I don't like that. OK? [Laughter] The fact is -- and if for some reason he beats the rest of the field, he beats the rest of the field [Inaudible] . See, they don't like that. They don't like that. [Booing] No, they don't like he beats the rest of the field, because they want me. [Laughter] But -- if for some reason, Neil, he beats the rest of the field, I already know the Democrats are going to be bringing a suit. You have a big lawsuit over your head while you're running. And if you become the nominee, who the hell knows if you can even serve in office? So you should go out, get a declaratory judgment, let the courts decide. And you shouldn't have mentioned the polls because I would have been much... [Crosstalk]Because now he's going a little bit better. No, I didn't care [Inaudible] . It's true. No, it's true. Hey look, he never had a chance. Now, he's doing better. He's got probably a four or five percent chance. [Laughter] [Crosstalk]The fact is, there is a big overhang. There's a big question mark on your head. And you can't do that to the party.You really can't. You can't do that to the party. You have to have certainty. Even if it was a one percent chance, and it's far greater than one percent because [Inaudible] . I mean, you have great constitutional lawyers that say you can't run. If there was a -- and you know I'm not bringing a suit. I promise. But the Democrats are going to bring a lawsuit, and you have to have certainty. You can't have a question. I can agree with you or not, but you can't have a question over your head.You don't have to. Take it from Lawrence Tribe. [Applause] [Crosstalk]Take it from your professors... [Crosstalk]He's wrong. He's wrong.He is not the only one.There are many lawyers.No -- no... [Laughter] ... I think if it doesn't... [Applause] I like that. I like it. I'd consider it. But I think I'll go back to building buildings if it doesn't work out.I have a feeling it's going to work out, actually. [Crosstalk]Okay. First of all, Nikki this afternoon said I'm a friend of hers. Actually a close friend. And wherever you are sitting Nikki, I'm a friend. We're friends. That's good. [Laughter] But she did say there was anger. And I could say, oh, I'm not angry. I'm very angry because our country is being run horribly and I will gladly accept the mantle of anger. Our military is a disaster. [Applause]Our healthcare is a horror show. Obamacare, we're going to repeal it and replace it. We have no borders. Our vets are being treated horribly. Illegal immigration is beyond belief. Our country is being run by incompetent people. And yes, I am angry. [Applause]And I won't be angry when we fix it, but until we fix it, I'm very, very angry. And I say that to Nikki. So when Nikki said that, I wasn't offended. She said the truth. One of your colleagues interviewed me. And said, well, she said you were angry and I said to myself, huh, she's right. I'm not fighting that. I didn't find it offensive at all. I'm angry because our country is a mess. [Applause]No. I am a 2nd amendment person. If we had guns in California on the other side where the bullets went in the different direction, you wouldn't have 14 or 15 people dead right now.If even in Paris, if they had guns on the other side, going in the opposite direction, you wouldn't have 130 people plus dead. So the answer is no and what Jeb said is absolutely correct. We have a huge mental health problem in this country. We're closing hospitals, we're closing wards, we're closing so many because the states want to save money. We have to get back into looking at what's causing it. The guns don't pull the trigger. It's the people that pull the trigger and we have to find out what is going on. [Applause]We have to protect our 2nd amendment and you cannot do this and certainly what Barack Obama was doing with the executive order. He doesn't want to get people together, the old-fashioned way, where you get Congress. You get the Congress, you get the Senate, you get together, you do legislation. He just writes out an executive order. Not supposed to happen that way. [Applause]You get the Congress. You get the Senate. You get together. You do legislation. He just writes out an order, executive order. It's not supposed to happen that way. [Applause]So conservatives actually do come out of Manhattan, including William F. Buckley and others, just so you understand. [Applause] And just so -- if I could, because he insulted a lot of people.I've had more calls on that statement that Ted made -- New York is a great place. It's got great people, it's got loving people, wonderful people. When the World Trade Center came down, I saw something that no place on Earth could have handled more beautifully, more humanely than New York.You had two one hundred... [Applause] ... you had two 110-story buildings come crashing down.I saw them come down. Thousands of people killed, and the cleanup started the next day, and it was the most horrific cleanup, probably in the history of doing this, and in construction. I was down there, and I've never seen anything like it. And the people in New York fought and fought and fought, and we saw more death, and even the smell of death -- nobody understood it. And it was with us for months, the smell, the air. And we rebuilt downtown Manhattan, and everybody in the world watched and everybody in the world loved New York and loved New Yorkers. And I have to tell you, that was a very insulting statement that Ted made. [Applause]No. [Laughter] No. [Applause] Look, we have to stop with political correctness.We have to get down to creating a country that's not going to have the kind of problems that we've had with people flying planes into the World Trade Centers, with the -- with the shootings in California, with all the problems all over the world. I just left Indonesia -- bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb. We have to find out what's going on.I said temporarily. I didn't say permanently. I said temporarily.And I have many great Muslim friends. And some of them, I will say, not all, have called me and said, "Donald, thank you very much; you're exposing an unbelievable problem and we have to get to the bottom of it." And unlike President Obama, where he refuses even to use the term of what's going on, he can't use the term for whatever reason. And if you can't use the term, you're never going to solve the problem. My Muslim friends, some, said, "thank you very much; we'll get to the bottom of it." But we have a serious problem. And we can't be the stupid country any more. We're laughed at all over the world. [Applause]Eleven points, to be exact.I want security for this country. OK? [Applause] I want security. I'm tired of seeing what's going on, between the border where the people flow over; people come in; they live; they shoot.I want security for this country. We have a serious problem with, as you know, with radical Islam. We have a tremendous problem.It's not only a problem here. It's a problem all over the world. I want to find out why those two young people -- those two horrible young people in California when they shot the 14 people, killed them -- people they knew, people that held the wedding reception for them.I want to find out -- many people saw pipe bombs and all sorts of things all over their apartment. Why weren't they vigilant? Why didn't they call? Why didn't they call the police? And by the way, the police are the most mistreated people in this country. I will tell you that.[Applause] The most mistreated people. In fact, we need to -- wait a minute -- we need vigilance. We have to find out -- many people knew about what was going on. Why didn't they turn those two people in so that you wouldn't have had all the death? There's something going on and it's bad. And I'm saying we have to get to the bottom of it. That's all I'm saying. We need security.That's wrong. They were wrong. It's the New York Times, they are always wrong.They were wrong.No, I said, " I would use -- " they were asking me what to do about North Korea. China, they don't like to tell us but they have total control -- just about, of North Korea. They can solve the problem of North Korea if they wanted to but they taunt us.They say, " well, we don't really have control." Without China, North Korea doesn't even eat. China is ripping us on trade. They're devaluing their currency and they're killing our companies. Thousands of thousands -- you look at the number of companies and the number in terms of manufacturing of plans that we've lost -- 50,000 because of China. [Crosstalk]We've lost anywhere between four and seven million jobs because of China. What I said then was, "we have very unfair trade with China. We're going to have a trade deficit of 505 billion dollars this year with China." A lot of that is because they devalue their currency.What I said to the New York Times, is that, "we have great power, economic power over China and if we wanted to use that and the amount -- where the 45 percent comes in, that would be the amount they saw their devaluations that we should get." That we should get. What I'm saying is this, I'm saying that we do it but if they don't start treating us fairly and stop devaluing and let their currency rise so that our companies can compete and we don't lose all of these millions of jobs that we're losing, I would certainly start taxing goods that come in from China. Who the hell has to lose 505 billion dollars a year?It's not that complicated actually.OK, just so you understand -- I know so much about trading about with China. Carl Icahn today as you know endorsed. Many businessmen want to endorse me.Carl said, "no, no -- " but he's somebody -- these are the kind of people that we should use to negotiate and not the China people that we have who are political hacks who don't know what they're doing and we have problems like this. If these are the kinds of people -- we should use our best and our finest. Now, on that tariff -- here's what I'm saying, China -- they send their goods and we don't tax it -- they do whatever they want to do.They do whatever what they do, OK. When we do business with China, they tax us. You don't know it, they tax us.I have many friends that deal with China. They can't -- when they order the product and when they finally get the product it is taxed. If you looking at what happened with Boeing and if you look at what happened with so many companies that deal -- so we don't have an equal playing field.I'm saying, absolutely, we don't have to continue to lose 505 billion dollars as a trade deficit for the privilege of dealing with China. I'm a free trader. I believe in it but we have to be smart and we have to use smart people to negotiate. I have the largest bank in the world as a tenant of mine. I sell tens' of millions of [Inaudible] . I love China. I love the Chinese people but they laugh themselves, they can't believe how stupid the American leadership is.I'm totally open to a tariff. If they don't treat us fairly, hey, their whole trade is tariffed. You can't deal in China without tariffs. They do it to us, we don't it. It's not fair trade.I'm happy to have him tonight... [Laughter]Neil, the problem ---- with what Marco is saying is that it takes too long, they're sucking us dry and it takes too long. It would just -- you absolutely have to get involved with China, they are taking so much of what we have in terms of jobs in terms of money. We just can't do it any longer.You looking at me?Can I tell you what? It will never happen because they'll let their currency go up. They're never going to let it happen. Japan, the same thing.They are devaluing -- it's so impossible for -- you look at Caterpillar Tractor and what's happening with Caterpillar and Kamatsu. Kamatsu is a tractor company in Japan. Friends of mine are ordering Kamatsu tractors now because they've de-valued the yen to such an extent that you can't buy a Caterpillar tractor. And we're letting them get away with it and we can't let them get away with it. And that's why we have to use Carl and we have to use our great businesspeople and not political hacks to negotiate with these guys. [Applause]And we don't need a weak person being president of the United State, OK? Because that's what we'd get if it were Jeb -- I tell you what, we don't need that.We don't need that. That's essentially what we have now, and we don't need that. And that's why we're in the trouble that we're in now. And by the way, Jeb you mentioned Boeing, take a look. They order planes, they make Boeing build their plant in China. They don't want them made here. They want those planes made in China.That's not the way the game is supposed to be played.No, the new planes. I'm not talking about now, I'm talking about in the future they're building massive plants in China because China does not want Boeing building their planes here, they want them built in China, because China happens to be smart the way they do it, not the way we do it.I'll check for you.Maria -- Maria, what you were talking about just now is called corporate inversion. It's one of the biggest problems our country has. Right now, corporations, by the thousands, are thinking of leaving our country with the jobs -- leave them behind.They're leaving because of taxes, but they are also leaving because they can't get their money back and everybody agrees, Democrats and Republicans, that is should come back in. But they can't get along. They can't even make a deal. Here is the case, they both agree, they can't make a deal. We have to do something. Corporate inversion is one of the biggest problems we have. So many companies are going to leave our country.Thank you.Well, it's an interesting question because I'm very proud of my company. As you too know, I know I built a very great company. But if I become president, I couldn't care less about my company. It's peanuts. I want to use that same up here, whatever it may be to make America rich again and to make America great again. I have Ivanka, and Eric and Don sitting there. Run the company kids, have a good time. I'm going to do it for America. So I would -- I would be willing to do that.I would put it in a blind trust. Well, I don't know if it's a blind trust if Ivanka, Don and Eric run it. If that's a blind trust, I don't know. But I would probably have my children run it with my executives and I wouldn't ever be involved because I wouldn't care about anything but our country, anything.Thank you.I stood yesterday with 75 construction workers. They're tough, they're strong, they're great people. Half of them had tears pouring down their face.They were watching the humiliation of our young ten sailors, sitting on the floor with their knees in a begging position, their hands up. And Iranian wise guys having guns to their heads. It was a terrible sight. A terrible sight. And the only reason we got them back is because we owed them with a stupid deal, $150 billion. If I'm president, there won't be stupid deals anymore. We will make America great again. We will win on everything we do. Thank you. [Applause]Thank you. I began this journey six months ago. My total focus was on building up our military, building up our strength, building up our borders, making sure that China, Japan, Mexico, both at the border and in trade, no longer takes advantage of our country.Certainly would never have made that horrible, disgusting, absolutely incompetent deal with Iran where they get $150 billion. They're a terrorist nation. But I began it talking about other things.And those things are things that I'm very good at and maybe that's why I'm center stage. People saw it. People liked it. People respected it. A month ago things changed. Radical Islamic terrorism came into effect even more so than it has been in the past. People like what I say. People respect what I say. And we've opened up a very big discussion that needed to be opened up. Thank you very much. [Applause]We are not talking about isolation. We're talking about security. We're not talking about religion.We're talking about security. Our country is out of control. People are pouring across the southern border.I will build a wall. It will be a great wall. People will not come in unless they come in legally. Drugs will not pour through that wall. As far as other people like in the migration, where they're going, tens of thousands of people having cell phones with ISIS flags on them? I don't think so, Wolf. They're not coming to this country. And if I'm president and if Obama has brought some to this country, they are leaving. They're going. They're gone. [Applause]Jeb doesn't really believe I'm unhinged. He said that very simply because he has failed in this campaign. It's been a total disaster. Nobody cares. And frankly, I'm the most solid person up here. I built a tremendous company and all I want to do is make America great again. I don't want our country to be taken away from us, and that's what's happening. The policies that we've suffered under other presidents have been a disaster for our country. We want to make America great again. And Jeb, in all fairness, he doesn't believe that.Well, look, this is so easy to answer. ISIS is recruiting through the Internet. ISIS is using the Internet better than we are using the Internet, and it was our idea.What I wanted to do is I wanted to get our brilliant people from Silicon Valley and other places and figure out a way that ISIS cannot do what they're doing. You talk freedom of speech. You talk freedom of anything you want.I don't want them using our Internet to take our young, impressionable youth and watching the media talking about how they're masterminds -- these are masterminds. They shouldn't be using the word "mastermind." These are thugs. These are terrible people in ISIS, not masterminds. And we have to change it from every standpoint. But we should be using our brilliant people, our most brilliant minds to figure a way that ISIS cannot use the Internet. And then on second, we should be able to penetrate the Internet and find out exactly where ISIS is and everything about ISIS. And we can do that if we use our good people. [Applause]I would certainly be open to closing areas where we are at war with somebody. I sure as hell don't want to let people that want to kill us and kill our nation use our Internet. Yes, sir, I am.We have to be much tougher. We have to be much stronger than we've been. We have people that know what is going on.You take a look at just the attack in California the other day. There were numerous people, including the mother, that knew what was going on. They saw a pipe bomb sitting all over the floor.They saw ammunition all over the place. They knew exactly what was going on. When you had the World Trade Center go, people were put into planes that were friends, family, girlfriends, and they were put into planes and they were sent back, for the most part, to Saudi Arabia. They knew what was going on. They went home and they wanted to watch their boyfriends on television. I would be very, very firm with families. Frankly, that will make people think because they may not care much about their lives, but they do care, believe it or not, about their families' lives. [Applause]Look, the problem is we need toughness. Honestly, I think Jeb is a very nice person. He's a very nice person. But we need tough people. We need toughness. We need intelligence and we need tough. Jeb said when they come across the southern border they come as an act of love.Am I talking or are you talking, Jeb?You can go back. You're not talking. You interrupted me.Are you going to apologize, Jeb? No. Am I allowed to finish?Excuse me, am I allowed to finish?So...... again... [Crosstalk]I know you're trying to build up your energy, Jeb, but it's not working very well. [Laughter]Look, look, look. We need a toughness. We need strength. We're not respected, you know, as a nation anymore. We don't have that level of respect that we need. And if we don't get it back fast, we're just going to go weaker, weaker and just disintegrate.We can't allow that to happen. We need strength. We don't have it. When Jeb comes out and he talks about the border, and I saw it and I was witness to it, and so was everyone else, and I was standing there, "they come across as an act of love," he's saying the same thing right now with radical Islam. And we can't have that in our country. It just won't work. We need strength.With Jeb's attitude, we will never be great again, that I can tell you. We will never be great again.So, they can kill us, but we can't kill them? That's what you're saying. And as far as the Internet is concerned, we're not talking about closing the Internet. I'm talking about parts of Syria, parts of Iraq, where ISIS is, spotting it.Now, you could close it. What I like even better than that is getting our smartest and getting our best to infiltrate their Internet, so that we know exactly where they're going, exactly where they're going to be. I like that better. [Applause] But we have to -- who would be -- I just can't imagine somebody booing. These are people that want to kill us, folks, and you're -- you're objecting to us infiltrating their conversations? I don't think so. I don't think so. [Applause]In my opinion, we've spent $4 trillion trying to topple various people that frankly, if they were there and if we could've spent that $4 trillion in the United States to fix our roads, our bridges, and all of the other problems; our airports and all of the other problems we've had, we would've been a lot better off. I can tell you that right now. We have done a tremendous disservice, not only to Middle East, we've done a tremendous disservice to humanity.The people that have been killed, the people that have wiped away, and for what? It's not like we had victory. It's a mess. The Middle East is totally destabilized. A total and complete mess. I wish we had the $4 trillion or $5 trillion. I wish it were spent right here in the United States, on our schools, hospitals, roads, airports, and everything else that are all falling apart. [Applause]Well, there's nothing to respond to. Well, people feel differently. I mean, the fact is Benghazi was a disaster because of Libya, everything just fell into place.It could not have been worse. What do we have now? We have nothing. We've spent $3 trillion and probably much more - I have no idea what we've spent.Thousands and thousands of lives, we have nothing. Wounded warriors all over the place who I love, we have nothing for it. And by the way - and Ben said incorrectly - and I'm not saying this as a knock - he's one of finest men. You're not going to find a finer men. But I've been talking about oil for three years. I've been saying,, "take the oil, take the oil." I didn't say, "just bomb it," I said," take it and use it and distribute it so that the wounded warriors -" People, I've been saying this now for many years.Now, all of a sudden everybody's saying, "take the oil." It wasn't so fashionable to take the oil six months ago. I've been saying it for years.I think Assad is a bad guy, a very bad guy, all right? Lots of people killed. I think we are backing people we have no idea who they are. The rebels, we call them the rebels, the patriotic rebels.We have no idea. A lot of people think, Hugh, that they are ISIS. We have to do one thing at a time.We can't be fighting ISIS and fighting Assad. Assad is fighting ISIS. He is fighting ISIS.Russia is fighting now ISIS. And Iran is fighting ISIS. We have to do one thing at a time. We can't go -- and I watched Lindsey Graham, he said, I have been here for 10 years fighting. Well, he will be there with that thinking for another 50 years. He won't be able to solve the problem. We have to get rid of ISIS first. After we get rid of ISIS, we'll start thinking about it. But we can't be fighting Assad. And when you're fighting Assad, you are fighting Russia, you're fighting -- you're fighting a lot of different groups. But we can't be fighting everybody at one time.I think it's very sad that CNN leads Jeb Bush, Governor Bush, down a road by starting off virtually all the questions, "Mr. Trump this, Mister" -- I think it's very sad. And, frankly, I watched -- I think it's very sad.And, frankly, I watched the first debate, and the first long number of questions were, "Mr. Trump said this, Mr. Trump said that. Mr. Trump" -- these poor guys -- although, I must tell you, Santorum, good guy. Governor Huckabee, good guy. They were very nice, and I respect them greatly. But I thought it was very unfair that virtually the entire early portion of the debate was Trump this, Trump that, in order to get ratings, I guess. In order to get ratings, I guess.I just think it's very -- excuse me.Excuse me. I think it's very unprofessional.Well, I think it's very unprofessional.OK, fine.This isn't tough and easy. I wish it...I wish it was always this easy as you, Jeb.Oh, yeah.Oh, I know. You're a tough guy, Jeb. I know.You're tough.Well, let's see. I'm at 42, and you're at 3. So, so far, I'm doing better.So far, I'm doing better. You know, you started off over here, Jeb. You're moving over further and further. Pretty soon you're going to be off the end... [Crosstalk]I believe I did.I have a very hardline position, we have a country or we don't have a country. People that have come into our country illegally, they have to go. They have to come back into through a legal process.I want a strong border. I do want a wall. Walls do work, you just have to speak to the folks in Israel. Walls work if they're properly constructed. I know how to build, believe me, I know how to build. I feel a very, very strong bind, and really I'm bound to this country, we either have a border or we don't. People can come into the country, we welcome people to come but they have to come in legally.Well, first of all, I think we need somebody absolutely that we can trust, who is totally responsible; who really knows what he or she is doing. That is so powerful and so important. And one of the things that I'm frankly most proud of is that in 2003, 2004, I was totally against going into Iraq because you're going to destabilize the Middle East.I called it. I called it very strongly. And it was very important.But we have to be extremely vigilant and extremely careful when it comes to nuclear. Nuclear changes the whole ball game. Frankly, I would have said get out of Syria; get out -- if we didn't have the power of weaponry today.The power is so massive that we can't just leave areas that 50 years ago or 75 years ago we wouldn't care. It was hand-to-hand combat. The biggest problem this world has today is not President Obama with global warming, which is inconceivable, this is what he's saying. The biggest problem we have is nuclear -- nuclear proliferation and having some maniac, having some madman go out and get a nuclear weapon. That's in my opinion, that is the single biggest problem that our country faces right now.I think -- I think, for me, nuclear is just the power, the devastation is very important to me.I did.Let me just say that I have gotten to know him over the last three or four days. He has a wonderful temperament. [Laughter]He's just fine. Don't worry about it. [Applause]You better not attack... [Laughter]I really am. I'll be honest, I really am. [Applause]I mean, the people have been putting me... [Applause]I really am. [Applause]Let me just. Can I just finish my...I've gained great respect for the Republican leadership. I've gained great respect for many -- and I'm going to even say -- I mean, in different forms for the people on the dais, in different forms. [Laughter]In different forms. But I have great respect for the people I have met through this process. I've never done this process before. I've never been a politician. I mean, for the last six months I've been a politician. But I will tell you, I am totally committed to the Republican Party. I feel very honored to be the front runner. [Applause]And I think I'll do very well if I'm chosen. If I'm so fortunate to be chosen, I think I'll do very well. Polls have come out recently saying I would beat Hillary. I will do everything in my power to beat Hillary Clinton, I promise you. [Applause]Our country doesn't win anymore. We don't win on trade. We don't win on the military. We can't defeat ISIS. We're not taking care of our great people, the veterans. We're not taking care of them. We have to change our whole way, our health care system is a disaster. It's going to implode in 2017, just like you're sitting there. It doesn't work. Nothing works in our country. If I'm elected president, we will win again. We will win a lot. And we're going to have a great, great country, greater than ever before. Thank you. [Applause][Video begins in Progress] About the what?Sure.No. That was [Inaudible]If somebody thinks -- Is that all right?If somebody thinks bad things are going on. You have to report it. It should not be racial profiling. And they thought something bad was going on and they didn't report it. Not good. OK?There's nothing to elaborate. [Inaudible] your way with the cameraman. Are you OK? You're trying to make him look good, right? Now, the story was that they did not want racially profile. In the meantime, a lot of people get killed. We have to use common sense, OK?[Inaudible] Is there anybody [Inaudible]?How are you?Thank you.Well, they're great people. I just love the area. [Inaudible] But I love the area and the people are especial. I also have great respect for farms and farmers and a lot of them are here. And we are gonna have a great time today. You see the crowd, it's a record crowd. Somebody else comes here, 30 people, we have -- Did you see -- Did you see the line?We have lines that are -- it'll gonna be a long way if you wait for all those people to get in. So it's very exciting and it's an honor to be here. Great people.Thank you. [Inaudible]Which people are we talking about?You mean, the people that were the killers.Well I don't know if they're are regular people. I heard the apartment was loaded up with bombs and with guns and --Well, I don't know. When you have pipe bombs lying all over the floor. I don't think they are regular people. When you have pipe bombs all over the floor, so I don't think that regular people.Where's your camera, by the way?Well this man has a microphone ready.Well, again, there were people that knew bad things were going on. And if people knew that bad things were going on and they didn't report it because of racial profiling but I don't think they were regular people, to me they're not regular people. To me they were criminals and it's too bad somebody didn't find out about it.The guns?Well, I feel very strongly that people in this country and, actually, the world need protection. If you look at Paris, they didn't have guns and they were slaughtered. If you look at what happened in California, they didn't have guns they were slaughtered. So I think it would have been a lot better if that guns in that room, somebody to protect.It could have protected themselves if they had guns.Well this was a terrorism, I mean, this one was terrorism.I can't speak. I don't know. You can look at it that way but his was certainly, when you look at this, this was extremists. This was Muslim extremists. And this is a real problem. And this is certainly terrorism at a high level.Are you here?Well I thought the whole scene was very strange. I mean, the event just took place and everybody's going in like it's a museum. I know it's pretty strange to see it but, you know, look, they have weapons they had pipe bombs, they had a lot of things that -- When you look at pipe bombs all over the floor, and then the mother was there, and she didn't notice anything different.People knew what they were going to do. People in their family, in my opinion, knew what they were going to do, and they didn't report it.Well I'm not going to criticize the FBI because I think they've done a great job over the years but it was a strange thing that so many people were allowed to go in and just look and so quickly.I will finish.Well, look, Jeb Bush is so low in the polls and your poll is like it went three and he might as well go home and forget it because he's wasting his time. And I understand his supporters are very upset because. A lot of people thought that I was the one that brought him down. He's a low energy person, he said it. We can't take chances and putting the wrong person in office.You have too many things going on in this country and too many problems. He does have some donors that are very upset. I don't take donors. [Inaudible I'm self-funding my campaign. But they better make sure that they're very accurate if they write about me or they'll have problems.They'll call me whatever they want. I mean, they call other people, I hear them say very negative things about other people too. Every campaign, he's calling everybody else bad names. Because they want to try and get words but they are still in the CNN poll I have most of the votes.It's a terrible thing to be called but they're trying to get votes. He's desperate. You know Jeb is desperate right now. He's doing very badly and he's a desperate person. And I think he spent $48 million and I spend nothing. And he's got nothing and I've got him, I'm leading by a lot. So, you know I'd say it's too bad that they have to feel that way actually.Well I think they're treating me pretty much the same. I don't think I've been treated much different. I think people are very impressed with the last set of poll numbers not only CNN but some of the others that have come out of been very, very small. Some of the local ones that have come out, like I'm leading in Iowa, and you look in South Carolina, that's through the roof.If you look at New Hampshire, it's through the roof. But in the press -- some people in the press are extremely fair and professional and others are very dishonest. And I've been saying that term, you know, for a long time.Well we're gonna have to start looking at things and I'll probably have a pretty good statement to make next week because I feel very strongly about it. And we're going to have to start looking at people very closely because we can't allow this to happen to our country. You just can't. So we start looking at people very, very closelyI'm not ruling out anything. I don't rule out anything. If people come in they blow up people and they shoot people and they kill people, I don't rule out anything. In fact, today I noticed that when I said we have to be vigilant I noticed a couple of the people now who say we have to be vigilant using my same words to say people I'm running against, they're using my words.But we have to indeed be vigilant and that includes with mosques. Now they're all saying, "Well I think Trump was right." But now that is those with mosques and we better be smart. OK.Who said that?It's about time. But that's not there. He's not there.They should call it what it is. You should call it what it is. Right. Radical. Islamic terrorists is what it is. Or he could say, I mean, there are other terms but he has to call it what it is.This is a war. We're at war. If we're not smart and if we're not really cunning and if we don't beat them to the punch, it's going to be very ugly and it's going to be very bad.Well, what it says is that I do very well with everybody. Of course the Evangelicals Tea Party says, Look, I've been leading by a lot. I do well with everybody. But in particular I do well with certain groups but I'm doing very well with colleges, OK. You know what I'm saying.Thank you. [Inaudible]I do. I'm doing well. Great, right? [Inaudible] I'm doing very well and they're special people. Chuck, [Inaudible, and Sam, they're in most part of the state. Flew a little longer to be here. Flew a little farther west but I love this part of this state. I've been here before but I love this part of this state.Great peopleIt's a very important part of the state.We need a stronger military and we have a better medicare, we need [Inaudible]. We're gonna bring back our military. We're gonna take care of our vets. We're gonna take care of our wounded warriors, who are using [Inaudible] and they always have a smile in their faces. It's amazing. We're gonna take care of our wounded warriors.We're gonna take care of our vets.And we're gonna have a really strong [Inaudible] Nobody's gonna mess with us. Believe me, OK?Say again.No I haven't. There's not and we'll put it up probably Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. And I think you'll see very good grade blood pressure. No problems. no anything. Joints, everything's good, so the doctor's doing it now. In conjunction with major ho -- He's one of the -- you know the person at one of the major hospitals.And I think they put it out on Tuesday or Wednesday --A little bit. The laryngitis, a little bit. Got a little bit of laryngitis. You know why I'm making the speech tonight. But, yeah, they should be putting it out, I think, over the next few days.I will comment on that and a little bit later date. But we have to start looking at families now. We have to look at them very, very tough. The wives know what -- Generally speaking the wives know what's going on. I believe that the sister of the killer, I watched their interview, I think she knew what's going on.Excuse me. I think his mother knew what was going on. She went into the apartment. Anybody that went into that house or that apartment knew what was going on. They didn't tell the authorities. They knew what was going on. The mother know. I think the sister interviewed, I think she knew. We'd better to get a little tough and a little smart or we're in trouble.Innocent civilians are being targeted. They're the people that get killed. Those are the people the innocent people. Innocent people are being killed because we're trying to be so politically correct. Not going to happen anymore.I don't know. I think they'll going to have to ask you. Because you did the poll.Well, that's fine. I mean, so maybe Ted, maybe Marco, whoever's, you know, closest. But it seems that Marco is doing a little bit better. I don't look at it as competition to be honest. They can't do what I do. Nobody can do. Nobody is going to do what I do. But Ted and Marco were sort of neck and neck behind but they're a long way behind.They will never be able to do what I do.I'll tell you later if it becomes important. Are we OK?I can't be Neil. And the and the reason I can't be is that we are a country that is being beaten on every front economically, militarily. There is nothing that we do now to win.We don't win anymore. Our taxes are too high. I've come up with a tax plan that many, many people like very much.It's going to be a tremendous plan. I think it'll make our country and our economy very dynamic. But, taxes too high, wages too high, we're not going to be able to compete against the world. I hate to say it, but we have to leave it the way it is. People have to go out, they have to work really hard and have to get into that upper stratum. But we can not do this if we are going to compete with the rest of the world. We just can't do it.I would not do it. [Applause]I was so happy yesterday when I saw that decision come down. That was an unbelievable decision. [Applause] And we don't have enough of those decisions coming down.He of the executive order, because nobody wants to listen to him, including the Democrats, so he just goes around signing executive orders. That was a great day. And, frankly, we have to stop illegal immigration.It's hurting us economically. It's hurting us from every standpoint. It's causing tremendous difficulty with respect to drugs and what that does to many of our inner cities in particular. And it really is -- was such an unbelievable moment because the courts have not been ruling in our favor. And it was a 2-1 decision. And it was a terrific thing that happened. And I will tell you, we are a country of laws. We need borders. We will have a wall. The wall will be built. The wall will be successful. And if you think walls don't work, all you have to do is ask Israel. The wall works, believe me. Properly done. Believe me. [Applause, Cheering]You are going to have to bring people -- you are going to have to send people out. Look, we're a country...Maria, we're a country of laws. We either have a country or we don't have a country. We are a country of laws. Going to have to go out and they will come back but they are going to have to go out and hopefully they get back. But we have no choice if we're going to run our country properly and if we're going to be a country. [Applause, Cheering]All I can say is, you're lucky in Ohio that you struck oil. That is for one thing. [Laughter] Let me just tell you that Dwight Eisenhower, good president, great president, people liked him. "I like Ike," right? The expression. "I like Ike." Moved a 1.5 million illegal immigrants out of this country, moved them just beyond the border. They came back.Moved them again beyond the border, they came back. Didn't like it. Moved them way south. They never came back. [Laughter] Dwight Eisenhower. You don't get nicer. You don't get friendlier. They moved a 1.5 million out. We have no choice. We have no choice. [Crosstalk]No, it's unfair. [Crosstalk]... built an unbelievable company worth billions and billions of dollars. I don't have to hear from this man, believe me. I don't have to hear from him.We have millions of people right now on line trying to come into this country. Very, very unfair to the people that want to come into our country legally. They've gone through the process. They're on line. They're waiting. Very, very unfair to them. That I can tell you. [Applause]Yes.No, I'm sorry. No, excuse me. I was there.Please, if I could just...We have to make our military bigger, better, stronger than ever before so that nobody messes with us, and a long run, it's going to save us. I agree with Marco, I agree with Ted, we have no choice. And, I can tell you this with certainty. We all have a different tax plan. Some I don't totally agree with. One thing we understand, each one of those tax plans is better than the mess that we have right now. [Applause]...Yes......Yeah......It's a horrible deal...The TPP is horrible deal. It is a deal that is going to lead to nothing but trouble. It's a deal that was designed for China to come in, as they always do, through the back door and totally take advantage of everyone.It's 5,600 pages long. So complex that nobodies read it. It's like Obamacare; nobody ever read it.They passed it; nobody read it. And look at mess we have right now. And it will be repealed.But this is one of the worst trade deals. And I would, yes, rather not have it. With all of these countries, and all of the bad ones getting advantage and taking advantage of what the good ones would normally get, I'd rather make individual deals with individual countries.We will do much better. We lose a fortune on trade. The United States loses with everybody. We're losing now over $500 billion in terms of imbalance with China, $75 billion a year imbalance with Japan. By the way, Mexico, $50 billion a year imbalance. So I must say, Gerard, I just think it's a terrible deal. I love trade. I'm a free trader, 100 percent. But we need smart people making the deals, and we don't have smart people making the deals.Yes. Well, the currency manipulation they don't discuss in the agreement, which is a disaster. If you look at the way China and India and almost everybody takes advantage of the United States -- China in particular, because they're so good. It's the number-one abuser of this country. And if you look at the way they take advantage, it's through currency manipulation. It's not even discussed in the almost 6,000-page agreement. It's not even discussed.And as you understand, I mean, you understand very well from the Wall Street Journal, currency manipulation is the single great weapon people have. They don't even discuss it in this agreement. So I say, it's a very bad deal, should not be approved. If it is approved, it will just be more bad trade deals, more loss of jobs for our country. We are losing jobs like nobody's ever lost jobs before. I want to bring jobs back into this country.Well, first of all, it's not only Russia. We have problems with North Korea where they actually have nuclear weapons. You know, nobody talks about it, we talk about Iran, and that's one of the worst deals ever made.One of the worst contracts ever signed, ever, in anything, and it's a disgrace. But, we have somebody over there, a madman, who already has nuclear weapons we don't talk about that. That's a problem.China is a problem, both economically in what they're doing in the South China Sea, I mean, they are becoming a very, very major force. So, we have more than just Russia. But, as far as the Ukraine is concerned, and you could Syria -- as far as Syria, I like -- if Putin wants to go in, and I got to know him very well because we were both on 60 Minutes, we were stablemates, and we did very well that night. But, you know that. But, if Putin wants to go and knocked the hell out of ISIS, I am all for it, 100%, and I can't understand how anybody would be against it......They blew up -- hold it.......They blew up, wait a minute......They blew up a Russian airplane. He cannot be in love with these people. He's going in, and we can go in, and everybody should go in. As far as the Ukraine is concerned, we have a group of people, and a group of countries, including Germany -- tremendous economic behemoth -- why are we always doing the work? We are -- I'm all for protecting Ukraine and working -- but, we have countries that are surrounding the Ukraine that aren't doing anything. They say, "Keep going, keep going, you dummies, keep going. Protect us..." [Bell Rings]...And we have to get smart. We can't continue to be the policeman of the world. We are $19 trillion dollars, we have a country that's going to hell, we have an infrastructure that's falling apart. Our roads, our bridges, our schools, our airports, and we have to start investing money in our country. [Applause]Assad is a bad guy, but we have no idea who the so-called rebels -- I read about the rebels, nobody even knows who they are. I spoke to a general two weeks ago, he said -- he was very up on exactly what we're talking about.He said, "You know, Mr. Trump? We're giving hundreds of millions of dollars of equipment to these people, we have no idea who they are." So, I don't like Assad. Who's going to like Assad? But, we have no idea who these people, and what they're going to be, and what they're going to represent. They may be far worse than Assad.Look at Libya. Look at Iraq. Look at the mess we have after spending $2 trillion dollars, thousands of lives, wounded warriors all over the place -- who I love, OK? All over. We have nothing. And, I said, keep the oil. And we should have kept the oil, believe me. We should have kept the oil. And, you know what? We should have given the oil... [Bell Rings] ...We should've given big chunks to the people that lost their arms, their legs, and their families, and their sons, and daughters, because right now, you know who has a lot of that oil? Iran, and ISIS.Why does she keep interrupting everybody? [Laughter]Terrible. [Booing]We are not....No, no, no...Well, what's happening right now, Neil, is something that not been a subject of conversation by politicians. As primarily the only politician, I guess other than Carly on the stage, they haven't talked about a corporate inversion. A corporate inversion -- companies are leaving.You know, we used to leave New York to go to Florida. We got better taxes, we got, maybe, something else. Now, they're the United States to go to other countries.They have trillions of dollars in those other countries. They're going for two reasons, they can't get their money back in. It's something where the democrats and the republicans both agree, it's the only thing I can think of.They both agree, let the money come back in. Three and a half years, they still can't make a deal. They can't get the money in.It's probably two and a half trillion, but, I think it's much more than that. All of that money could become -- could come right in and be used to rebuild our country, and investments in our country. They can't do it.What we have to do, and what I've done, is made the tax rate -- and one of the reasons they don't [Inaudible] the taxes so obnoxious, they can't do it. Where, I made it a 10% number, as you know. I've been very highly praised for it.A lot of money's going to come back in, we're going to get rid of the bureaucratic problems, and roadblocks, because that's also a problem. And, we're going to have all of this money pour back into the United States. It's going to be used to build businesses, for jobs, and everything else. And, as I say, my expression is, let's make America great again. [Applause]Thank you. Over the years, I've created tens of thousands of jobs and a great company. It's a company I'm very proud of.Some of the most iconic assets anywhere in the world. And I will tell you, I don't have to give you a website because I'm self-funding my campaign. I'm putting up my own money.I want to do something really special. I want to make our country greater than it's ever been. I think we have that potential. We cannot lose this election. We cannot let Hillary Clinton, who is the worst secretary of state in the history of our country, win this election. We will fight. We will win. And we truly will make this even more special. We have to make it better than ever before. And I will tell you, the United States can actually be better than ever before. Thank you.Wow, this was very unexpected. We'll be filing in a very little while. And to have this many people out here for this is great. We're lucky we have a nice day. Nice to have a nice day. Come on up here everybody. Come on. Get my people up here. Don't worry about the press. Don't worry about the press. Come on up. Circle us. Circle us. Any questions, please?Marco Rubio has a disaster on his finances. He has a disaster on his credit cards. When you check his credit cards, take a look at what he's done with the Republican Party when he had access, what he had to put back in, and whether or not something should have happened. You'll understand it. Marco Rubio has a basic disaster on finance, so let's see what you find.Let's see what kind of a reporter you are. OK? Good luck. It -- it won't be -- it won't be hard. It -- it won't be hard. David, yeah, go ahead. Nice, easy question, David. Go ahead. I know David. I know David so well.Which they said was largely due to the Trump phenomenon. You saw that. No, they said it. They said it. On another network, they said it.Yeah.Well, I will say, a lot of good things are happening. Now, if you look at Ohio and we have somebody running that happens to be from Ohio, even though I'm beating him in the polls. He had a total monopoly. They had one company with a total monopoly on marijuana and the profits. How dumb is that? And that's probably why it failed.And how dumb is that? One company had a monopoly on the whole thing and they were going to make a fortune. And I think that's one of the reasons it failed. But I was happy to see that. I think it was a good result. I loved what happened in Kentucky, and he's a good guy, and they gave me a lot of credit for that when I don't deserve the credit.But there is something happening, folks, I will tell you. There is something happening.And we sent you -- and we sent you those numbers. I send you some nice numbers.Well, you haven't read the polls in Iowa obviously. I'm not surprised that quest --yesterday's poll came out and I was -- two polls. I wa -- I'm now in top in Iowa too. Two polls -- two polls came out. And now I'm leading Iowa again. So we're happy with it.I think we're going to do great in New Hampshire. I think New Hampshire -- we had a -- a tremendous poll a couple of days ago. It was 32% versus what was it? 12 or something. It was -- we were way up in New Hampshire, so we're very happy with the New Hampshire. And -- and you know what, I love the people of New Hampshire.They're just incredible people. When you get a crowd like this that I didn't really know about, this is [Inaudible]. I came here to file because I feel you have to come here to file, and you have this many people show up on a morning. And most of these people are working, I know that. These are hard -- as they say, these are hard workers.You're not allowed to use that expression? These are hard workers. OK. I mean, when we get to a point where you can't use the term hard worker, this country is in big trouble, folks. I want to tell you. Are you a hard worker? [Audience shouts "Yeah"] I'm a hard worker. I'll tell you, I work hard. OK. Any questions?[Audience chants "Trump"]Yeah, OK, le -- let me explain. Let me explain something. Stupid -- stupid question. Let me explain something. I am all for private property rights. There is nobody wants property taken away less than I do, believe me, because I would lose a lot of money if my property is taken away. But when you're building a road, when you're building a highway, when you're building whatever you -- it is you're building, from a municipal standpoint, you may need a corner of a piece of property.Now, we all agree the Keystone pipeline, I mean, many people think we should approve it, thousands of jobs, etc, etc. I would make a better deal because I'd want a piece of it for the country. So, you know, they're going to approve it. We're bringing oil down from Canada. All fine. Environmentally better than trucking it, etc, etc.Environmentally, it's better. But without eminent domain, you can't build the Keystone pipeline. Almost every inch of that pipeline is eminent domain. And in fact, if you study the Keystone pipeline, they have a clause that goes on for pages talking about eminent domain and how it's necessary and how -- so without eminent domain, you won't have roads, you won't have highways, you won't have anything.Also, from an economic development standpoint, when you have a factory that is going to leave town and the town is doing badly, or you have a factory or plant or something that's coming into town and everybody wants it, but you need a corner of a piece of property someplace. And by the way, just so you understand and -- and this is what nobody -- these people get paid and they get paid a tremendous amount of money.There are people that will buy farms and buy houses if there's a chance for eminent domain because they make a fortune with it. So they get -- in most cases, if they're smart, they get much more than their property's worth. But if you're going to create 10,000 jobs for a town that's in trouble and you need a piece of property.I'll tell you what, folks. I want to create jobs and I want to give the people that own that property more than it's worth. And that's what's going to happen. That's what's going to happen. So -- and -- and the beauty is -- and you -- you, folks, all know this. Club for Growth, which is the third grade [Inaudible], came to my office, asked me for a million dollars.I said, "Who are these?" I didn't even know who they are. I don't even know how the meeting got set up. They came to my office. The guy sitting there, within about two minutes, they asked me for a million dollars and then they're stupid enough, they write me a letter asking me, you have it, right, asking me for a million dollars.And I'm saying, "Why would I do that?" We told them, "No, thank you. I have better places to spend my money." I'd rather give it to you. I'd rather -- I'd rather say let's have a party. So they asked me for a million dollars in a letter. I say no. And then they go hostile on me. So if I would've given them the million dollars, I guarantee you, they would have loved me. Instead, they go around looking for money, looking for money.Eminent domain is an un -- it's -- it's really -- it's -- and people don't understand it. They really don't. You can't have roads, you can't have highways. You can't do anything. And remember this, most of the people here in this group, most of them agree that the Keystone pipeline is very important. The Keystone pipeline could not be built for two feet without eminent domain.I don't love it. I don't like it. But it's a necessary thing for a country to go and do what they have to do. OK, question.Well, that's -- you know, I'm the only one that's not taking money. You do know that. Excuse me, do you know that I'm the only one that's not taking money? I'm the only one. I'm the only one. I agree with that. I am the only one. Super PACs are a disaster and they're a scam. OK? I had formed, from people that I have no idea.We had 10 or 11 or 12. Everybody's forming a Super PAC for Trump. We have sent everybody, a couple of weeks, ago, letters. We don't want their money. And some may be really well versed. I mean, they may be -- are going to do a good thing. Others may be, they're saying, "Wow, they just found a million dollars.They're going to live very well." We don't want our Super PAC. We don't want anybody to form Super PACs for me. We sent legal notices, please, give all the money back. We don't want it. We don't want Super PACs. If you look at Jeb, if you look at Marco Rubio, if you look at all of these people, they have Sup -- and you look at Hillary.Let's go to the other side. They have -- they have Super PACs where they control the candidate just like you control a puppet. Every single -- this man, Singer, that put up money, he's big on amnesty, he's big on illegal immigration meaning leave it alone. Paul Singer. Take a look at what he represents. And he represents others -- be quiet.And he represents other things beside. Paul Singer -- wait a minute. Paul Singer represents amnesty and he represents illegal immigration pouring into the country, and now he's with Rubio. Rubio was totally in favor of very, very lax rules. He was a member of the Gang of Eight. The Gang of Eight means, come on in, folks, come on in, come on into the country.Nobody's going to stop you. Now, Rubio is surging in New Hampshire. I don't think so, folks. When you find out the truth about Rubio, you'll check his credit cards from Florida and you're going to find out how does he feel about illegal immigration. And I will tell you, he's totally -- now, he since changed his mind a little bit.He's still weak on it, but he changed his mind. There's no way that plays in large parts of this country, especially in New Hampshire. All right. Go ahead.Are you with the press?Come on man. We love you. Are you with Trump?OK. Then I like you, [Inaudible]. Now -- now I'm -- now I'm take -- now I'm taking questions from the audience. Go ahead. Give me a good question. A fair question. Come on.Right.No, we're not. Come here. I like this question. Come here. Come here. Come here. Come here. Come here. I like this question now. Come here. He actually looks much better than the press, so I was a little bit surprised. You're going to be very happy. You'll be happy, believe me. And if you're a vet ---- you're real -- you know what I'm going to do. I'm -- I'm taking care of the vets. You understand that? These other guys couldn't give a damn about the vets. So --You're not going to be left behind, that I promise you.Jeb Bush says he's not a good ta -- why would he admit that? Why would he admit? Why would -- if he's not a good talker, and let's assume that's a fact, why would you say -- I watch him. I'm not an entertainer. He goes, "I'm not a good talker. I don't speak well. I don't debate well. I don't do anything well.But you should vote for me." That's Jeb Bush. Why would you say these things? This is what's going to negotiate with China? This is what's going to negotiate with Iran? [Audience member calls out "Is he still running?"] No, but Rubio's -- Rubio's going down next. And I have to tell you something, folks. We need tough, great people with tremendous energies.We have to bring back our jobs. We have to bring back our country. We have to -- we have to take our jobs back from China, Japan, Mexico, all these places that have them. And Ben Carson is not equipped to do that, that I can tell you. He is not equipped to do it. He doesn't have a chance of bringing back a single job.And if I'm elected, we'll have jobs so much. The biggest complaint I get all over is, "Mr. Trump, we graduated from college. We can't get a job. Mr. Trump, I got laid off. I can't get a job. Mr. Trump, because of Obamacare, I'm a part time employee." You know what they do, they hire part time. A man worked for a -- a company for 32 years as a full time employee.They just made him part time. And this is happening by the millions all over the country. People are becoming part time employees. That's not going to happen with Trump. Thank you very much. [Inaudible, Audience shouts out overlapping phrases]Just over the last number of years. But if you look at Marco Rubio, not only with the credit cards, which is a catastrophe I think for him. But if you look at how weak he is with illegal immigration.He is like, everybody, come in. Everybody, come in. The people of New Hampshire will not stand for that in my opinion.No, I con -- I'm not concerned [Inaudible]No, no, they have to do something with [Inaudible], that I can tell you. Please remember this, the other side is spending [Inaudible] You better be -- you better be careful. Hi, Bill, wow. It's some turn out.I think maybe my greatest weakness is that I trust people too much. I'm too trusting. And when they let me down, if they let me down, I never forgive. I find it very, very hard to forgive people that deceived me. So I don't know if you would call that a weakness, but my wife said "let up." [Laughter]Right.Right.That's right.No, not a comic book, and it's not a very nicely asked question the way you say that. Larry Kudlow is an example, who I have a lot of respect for, who loves my tax plan. We're reducing taxes to 15 percent.We're bringing corporate taxes down, bringing money back in, corporate inversions. We have $2.5 trillion outside of the United States which we want to bring back in. As far as the wall is concerned, we're going to build a wall.We're going to create a border. We're going to let people in, but they're going to come in legally. They're going to come in legally. And it's something that can be done, and I get questioned about that. They built the great wall of China. That's 13,000 miles. Here, we actually need 1,000 because we have natural barriers. So we need 1,000.We can do a wall. We're going to have a big, fat beautiful door right in the middle of the wall. We're going to have people come in, but they're coming in legally.And Mexico's going to pay for the wall because Mexico -- I love the Mexican people; I respect the Mexican leaders -- but the leaders are much sharper, smarter and more cunning than our leaders. And just to finish, people say, how will you get Mexico to pay? A politician other than the people in the states -- I don't want to -- a politician cannot get them to pay. I can. We lose, we have a trade imbalance... Excuse me, John. ... of $50 billion...... believe me the world is peanuts by comparison.Right. Dynamically.Then you have to get rid of Larry Kudlow, who sits on your panel, who's a great guy, who came out the other day and said, I love Trump's tax plan. [Crosstalk]I wanna talk taxes...First of all, John got lucky with a thing called fracking, OK? He hit oil. He got lucky with fracking. Believe me, that is why Ohio is doing well.Number -- and that is important for you to know. Number two, this was the man that was a managing general partner at Lehman Brothers when it went down the tubes and almost took every one of us with it, including Ben and myself, because I was there and I watched what happened. And Lehman Brothers started it all.He was on the board. And he was a managing general partner. And just thirdly, he was so nice. He was such a nice guy. And he said, oh, I'm never going to attack. But then his poll numbers tanked. He has got -- that is why he is on the end. [Laughter] And he got nasty. And he got nasty. So you know what? You can have him. [Crosstalk]I think you're -- [Applause] [Crosstalk]Well, first of all, like many other very big businessmen, I could name them here, but I'm not going to do that for a lot of obvious reasons, but the biggest, and almost all of them, they've all used the chapter laws, the bankruptcy laws to their own benefit. Before this, I was a very successful person as a developer and as a businessman. Atlantic City has gone bad.I mean, Chris will know about that. I'm not blaming Chris, by the way, but he will know about that. Caesar's -- excuse me -- Caesar's, the Rolls-Royce, as you know, is in bankruptcy.Almost every hotel in Atlantic City has either been in bankruptcy or will be in bankruptcy -- the biggest. But also the biggest people -- now I've used that to my advantage as a business man, for my family, for myself. I never filed for bankruptcy.But many, many people did. What happened with Atlantic City is very, very disgraceful. Now hundreds of companies I've opened.I've used it three times, maybe four times. Came out great. But I guess I'm supposed to come out great. That is what I could do for the country. We owe $19 trillion, boy am I good at solving debt problems. Nobody can solve it like me. But I will tell you this, Atlantic City, you're using that, hundreds of companies that I have opened have thrived. I built a net worth of way over $10 billion, and I have done it four times out of hundreds. And I'm glad I did it. I used the laws of the country to my benefit, I'm sorry.Thank you.I was not at all critical of him. I was not at all. In fact, frankly, he's complaining about the fact that we're losing some of the most talented people. They go to Harvard. They go to Yale. They go to Princeton. They come from another country and they're immediately sent out. I am all in favor of keeping these talented people here so they can go to work in Silicon Valley.So I have nothing at all critical of him.Probably, I don't know -- you people write the stuff. I don't know where you... [Laughter] [Applause]And if I could say just one thing. I am the only person in either campaign that's self-funding. I'm putting up 100 percent of my own money.And right now, I will be putting up a tremendous -- so far, I've put up less than anybody and I have the best results. Wouldn't that be nice if the country could do that? But I will be putting -- I will be putting up, you know, tremendous amounts of money. SuperPacs are a disaster.They're a scam. They cause dishonesty. And you better get rid of them because they are causing a lot of bad decisions to be made by some very good people. And I'm not blaming these folks -- well, I guess I could. [Laughter] Very good people are making very bad decisions right now. And if anything comes out of this whole thing with some of these nasty and ridiculous questions, I will tell you, you better get rid of the SuperPacs because they causing a big problem with this country, not only in dishonesty and what's going on, but also in a lot of bad decisions that have been made for the benefit of lobbyists and special interests.I never said that. I never said that.You've got another gentleman in Florida, who happens to be a very nice guy, but not...... he's really doing some bad... [Crosstalk]I'm in favor of people coming into this country legally. And you know what? They can have it anyway you want. You can call it visas, you can call it work permits, you can call it anything you want.I've created tens of thousands of jobs, and in all due respect -- and actually some of these folks I really like a lot -- but I'm the only one that can say that. I have created tens of thousands of jobs, and I'll be creating many millions of jobs if I'm given -- if I'm given the opportunity to be president. As far as Mark is concerned, as far as the visas are concerned, if we need people, they have -- it's fine.They have to come into this country legally. We have a country of borders. We have a country of laws. We have to obey the laws. It's fine if they come in, but they have to come in legally.Yes.Or somebody else. Right.Yes, I might feel more comfortable. I would say that I would and I have a permit, which is very unusual in New York -- a permit to carry. And I do carry on occasion, sometimes a lot. But I like to be unpredictable so that people don't know exactly... [Laughter]By the way, unlike our country where we're totally predictable and the enemy, whether it's ISIS or anybody else, they know exactly what we're doing because we have the wrong leadership. [Applause] But I feel that the gun-free zones and, you know, when you say that, that's target practice for the sickos and for the mentally ill. That's target.They look around for gun-free zones. You know, we could give you another example -- the Marines, the Army, these wonderful six soldiers that were killed. Two of them were among the most highly decorated -- they weren't allowed on a military base to have guns. And somebody walked in and shot them, killed them. If they had guns, he wouldn't be around very long. I can tell you, there wouldn't have been much damage. So, I think gun-free zones are a catastrophe. They're a feeding frenzy for sick people.I would change them. I would change them.Such a nasty -- such a nasty question, but thank you, Governor.Yes, it's very simple. We're going to make a really dynamic economy from what we have right now, which is not at all dynamic. We're going to bring jobs back from Japan, we're going to bring jobs back from China, we're going to bring, frankly, jobs back from Mexico where, as you probably saw, Nabisco is leaving Chicago with one of their biggest plants, and they're moving it to Mexico. We're going to bring jobs and manufacturing back. We're going to cut costs. We're going to save Social Security, and we're going to save Medicare.Our country doesn't win anymore. We used to win, we don't win anymore. We lose on trade.We lose with ISIS. We lose with one of the worst deals I've ever seen negotiated of any kind, that's our recent catastrophe with Iran. We don't win.Let me give you one quick example. These folks, CNBC, they had it down at three, three and a half hours. I just read today in the New York Times, $250,000 for a 30 second ad.I went out and said, it's ridiculous. Nobody -- I could stand up here all night. Nobody wants to watch three and a half, or three hours. It was a back sacrifice, and I have to hand it to Ben. We called Ben, he was with me 100%. We called in, we said, that's it. We're not doing it. They lost a lot of money, everybody said it couldn't be done. Everybody said it was going to be three hours, three and a half, including them, and in about two minutes I renegotiated it so we can get the hell out of here. Not bad. [Applause]And, I'll do that with the country. We will make America great again. And, thank you everybody. Just for the record.That's not right. That is absolutely not right. You know that. That is not right.I'm Donald Trump. I wrote "The Art of the Deal". I say not in a braggadocious way, I've made billions and billions of dollars dealing with people all over the world, and I want to put whatever that talent is to work for this country so we have great trade deals, we make our country rich again, we make it great again. We build our military, we take care of our vets, we get rid of Obamacare, and we have a great life altogether. Thank you. Thank you. [Applause]Well, first of all, Rand Paul shouldn't even be on this stage. He's number 11, he's got 1 percent in the polls, and how he got up here, there's far too many people anyway. As far as temperament -- and we all know that -- as far as temperament, I think I have a great temperament.I built a phenomenal business with incredible, iconic assets, one of the really truly great real-estate businesses. And I may be an entertainer, because I've had tremendous success with number-one bestsellers all over the place, with "The Apprentice" and everything else I've done. But I will tell you this: What I am far and away greater than an entertainer is a businessman, and that's the kind of mindset this country needs to bring it back, because we owe $19 trillion right now, $19 trillion, and you need this kind of thinking to bring our country back.And believe me, my temperament is very good, very calm. But we will be respected outside of this country. We are not respected now. [Applause]I never attacked him on his look, and believe me, there's plenty of subject matter right there. [Laughter] That I can tell you.I've actually been in politics all my life, although I've been on that side as opposed to this side. I'm now a politician for about three months. Obviously, I'm doing pretty well.I'm number one in every polls by a lot. But the qualification is that I've dealt with people all over the world, been successful all over the world. Everything I've done virtually has been a tremendous success.When markets changed, when things turned, I heard Governor Pataki, who, by the way, was a failed governor in New York, a very seriously failed -- he wouldn't be elected dog catcher right now. I heard what he had to say. And I will tell you this: Atlantic City, I've made a tremendous amount of money in Atlantic City.I left seven years ago, I've gotten great credit for my timing, and that's what I'm all about. I'm a businessman, did really well, really well, and Jeb, what I want to do is put that ability into this country to make our country rich again. And I can do that, and I'm not sure that anybody else in the group will be able to do that.But I have to say...Well, in Wisconsin...Excuse me.In Wisconsin, you're losing $2.2 billion right now.I would do so much better than that.No.I'm using facts.Every major business leader has used the -- I never went bankrupt, by the way, as you know, everybody knows. But we -- hundreds of companies, hundreds of deals, I've usedEvery major business leader, has used the -- I never went bank bankrupt, by the way, as you know, everybody knows. But -- hundreds of companies, hundreds of deals, I used the law four times and made a tremendous thing. I'm in business.I did a very good job. But I will say this, and people are very, very impressed with what I've done, the business people. But when the folks of Iowa found out the true facts of the job that you've done in Wisconsin, all of a sudden you, tubed, he was No.1 and now he's No. 6 or seven in the polls. So, look, we brought it out, you were supposed to make a billion dollars in the state. You lost 2.2 -- you have right now, a huge budget deficit. That's not a Democratic point. That's a point. That's a fact. And when the people of Iowa found that out, I went to No. 1 and you went down the tubes.I didn't --Totally false.I would have gotten it.I promise I would have gotten it.I promise if I wanted it, I would have gotten it.I know my people.I know my people.No. I just will tell you that, you know, Jeb made the statement. I'm not only referring to him.I -- a lot of money was raised by a lot of different people that are standing up here. And the donors, the special interests, the lobbyists have very strong power over these people. I'm spending all of my money, I'm not spending -- I'm not getting any -- I turned down -- I turn down so much, I could have right now from special interests and donors, I could have double and triple what he's got.I've turned it down. I turned down last week $5 million from somebody. So I will tell you I understand the game, I've been on the other side all of my life. And they have a lot of control over our politicians. And I don't say that favorably, and I'm not sure if there's another system, but I say this. I am not accepting any money from anybody. Nobody has control of me other than the people of this country. I'm going to do the right thing.That's true. That's true.I was -- excuse me, Jeb.I was a businessman, I got along with Clinton, I got along with everybody. That was my job, to get along with people.I didn't want to -- excuse me. One second.OK, more energy tonight. I like that. [Laughter] Look --I didn't want -- it was my obligation as a businessman to my family, to my company, to my employees, to get along with all politicians. I get along with all of them, and I did a damn good job in doing it. Go ahead.Got along with everybody.Wrong.Don't make things up. Jeb, don't make things up. Come on.Don't make things up.So, number one, they have to respect you. He has absolutely no respect for President Obama. Zero.Syria's a mess. You look at what's going on with ISIS in there, now think of this: we're fighting ISIS. ISIS wants to fight Syria.Why are we fighting ISIS in Syria? Let them fight each other and pick up the remnants. I would talk to him. I would get along with him.I believe -- and I may be wrong, in which case I'd probably have to take a different path, but I would get along with a lot of the world leaders that this country is not getting along with. We don't get along with China. We don't get along with the heads of Mexico. We don't get along with anybody, and yet, at the same time, they rip us left and right. They take advantage of us economically and every other way. We get along with nobody. I will get along -- I think -- with Putin, and I will get along with others, and we will have a much more stable -- stable world.I believe that I will get along -- we will do -- between that, Ukraine, all of the other problems, we won't have the kind of problems that our country has right now with Russia and many other nations....Slow and steady, [Inaudible] chicken...I wouldn't have drawn the line, but once he drew it, he had no choice but to go across. They do bear some responsibility, but I think he probably didn't do it, not for that reason. Somehow, he just doesn't have courage. There is something missing from our president. Had he crossed the line and really gone in with force, done something to Assad -- if he had gone in with tremendous force, you wouldn't have millions of people displaced all over the world.They had a responsibility, absolutely. I think we have three of them here...I think they had a responsibility, yes.Jeb, just...I think it will haunt him. I think it's a terrible. I think it's going to haunt him absolutely.He came back later and he said he misspoke. There was no question because I heard when he said the statement. I was watching and he said the statement.And I said, wow, I can't believe it. I will take care of women. I respect women.I will take care of women. One thing we will say and I would like to get back to the Iran situation. We're talking about Iran.The agreement was terrible. It was incompetent. I've never seen anything like it.One of the worst contracts of any kind I've ever seen. And nobody ever mentions North Korea where you have this maniac sitting there and he actually has nuclear weapons and somebody better start thinking about North Korea and perhaps a couple of other places. But certainly North Korea.And Ted and I have spoken. We've -- a lot of us have spoken. We're talking about Iran. They are bad actors, bad things are going to happen. But in the meantime, you have somebody right now in North Korea who has got nuclear weapons and who is saying almost every other week, I'm ready to use them. And we don't even mention it.So why didn't you say it? Why didn't you say it?I know, but why did you say it? I heard it myself. Why did you say it?You said you're going to cut funding for women's health. You said it.You said it.I think she's got a beautiful face, and I think she's a beautiful woman.Correct. First of all, I want to build a wall, a wall that works. So important, and it's a big part of it.Second of all, we have a lot of really bad dudes in this country from outside, and I think Chris knows that, maybe as well as anybody. They go, if I get elected, first day they're gone. Gangs all over the place.Chicago, Baltimore, no matter where you look. We have a country based on laws. I will make sure that those laws are adhered to.These are illegal immigrants. I don't think you'd even be asking this question if I didn't run because when I ran, and I brought this up, my opening remarks at Trump Tower, I took heat like nobody has taken heat in a long time. And, then they found out with the killing of Katie, from San Francisco, and so many other crimes, they found out that I was right.And, most people, many people, apologized to me. I don't think you'd even be talking about illegal immigration if it weren't for me. So, we have a country of laws, they're going to go out, and they'll come back if they deserve to come back. If they've had a bad record, if they've been arrested, if they've been in jail, they're never coming back. We're going to have a country again. Right now, we don't have a country, we don't have a border, and we're going to do something about it, and it can be done with proper management, and it can be done with heart....By the way, I agree with -- with what Chris is saying, but, I will say this. Illegal immigration is costing us more than $200 billion dollars a year just to maintain what we have.... [Inaudible] ...Correct.Well, I have to tell you, I hear phenomenal things. I hear your wife is a lovely woman...I don't know her, and this is a total mischaracterization...Good.No, I won't do that, because I've said nothing wrong.But I do hear she's a lovely woman.Jeb said...... that they come into our country as an act of love. With all of the problems we that we have, in so many instances -- we have wonderful people coming in. But with all of the problems -- this is not an act of love. He's weak on immigration -- by the way, in favor of Common Core, which is also a disaster, but weak on immigration. He doesn't get my vote.Not with this intensity.As I said, we are spending $200 billion -- we are spending $200 billion a year on maintaining what we have. We will move them out. The great ones will come back, the good ones will come back. They'll be expedited, they'll be back, they'll come back legally. We'll have a country -- they'll come back, legally.Well, I think it's wonderful and all, but I did it a little bit half-heartedly, but I do mean it to a large extent. We have a country, where, to assimilate, you have to speak English. And I think that where he was, and the way it came out didn't sound right to me.We have to have assimilation -- to have a country, we have to have assimilation. I'm not the first one to say this, Dana. We've had many people over the years, for many, many years, saying the same thing. This is a country where we speak English, not Spanish. [Applause]This is a reporter, not a high school kid.Well, first of all, the -- the 14th Amendment says very, very clearly to a lot of great legal scholars -- not television scholars, but legal scholars -- that it is wrong. It can be corrected with an act of Congress, probably doesn't even need that. A woman gets pregnant.She's nine months, she walks across the border, she has the baby in the United States, and we take care of the baby for 85 years. I don't think so. And by the way, Mexico and almost every other country anywhere in the world doesn't have that.We're the only ones dumb enough, stupid enough to have it. And people -- and by the way, this is not just with respect to Mexico. They are coming from Asia to have babies here, and all of a sudden, we have to take care of the babies for the life of the baby.The 14th Amendment, it reads properly, you can go and -- it's probably going to be have to be check -- go through a process of court, probably ends up at the Supreme Court, but there are a lot of great legal scholars that say that is not correct. And in my opinion, it makes absolutely no -- we're the only -- one of the only countries, we're going to take care of those babies for 70, 75, 80, 90 years? I don't think so.I agree 100 percent, by the way, with Carly on the fact that the Democrats do not want to solve this problem, for the obvious reasons, but they do not. But I believe that a reading of the 14th Amendment allows you to have an interpretation where this is not legal and where it can't be done. I've seen both sides, but some of the greatest scholars agree with me, without having to go through Congress. If you do go through Congress, you can absolutely solve the problem.That's true, sure.Well ---- let me -- well, let me just explain. The head of the Yale Business School, Jeffrey Sonnenfeld, wrote a paper recently, one of the worst tenures for a CEO that he has ever seen, ranked one of the top 20 in the history of business. The company is a disaster and continues to be a disaster.They still haven't recovered. In fact, today, on the front page of the Wall Street Journal, they fired another 25 or 30,000 people saying we still haven't recovered from the catastrophe. When Carly says the revenues went up, that's because she bought Compaq, it was a terrible deal, and it really led to the destruction of the company. Now one other company before that was Lucent. Carly was at Lucent before that. And Lucent turned out to be a catastrophe also. So I only say this. She can't run any of my companies. That I can tell you.I never filed for bankruptcy.I'll tell you why; it's very simple.I'll tell you. I was running ---- Carly, Carly ---- I've made over $10 billion. I had a casino company -- Caesars just filed for bankruptcy. Chris will tell you -- it's not Chris' fault either -- but almost everybody in Atlantic City is either in trouble or filed for -- maybe I'll blame Chris.But Atlantic City is a disaster --Wait a minute, Carly. Wait. I let you speak. Atlantic City is a disaster, and I did great in Atlantic City. I knew when to get out. My timing was great. And I got a lot of credit for it. Many of the great business people that you know -- and Carl Icon is going to work with me on making great deals for this country. But whether it's Carl or so many others that we read about all the time ---- they have used the laws of the land, which is the -- [Crosstalk]...Well, I'd like to respond, I'd like to respond...Well, I think the thing about the flat tax, I know it very well. What I don't like is that if you make $200 million a year, you pay ten percent, you're paying very little relatively to somebody that's making $50,000 a year, and has to hire H&R Block to do the -- because it's so complicated. One thing I'll say to Ben is that we've had a graduated tax system for many years, so it's not a socialistic thing.What I'd like to do, and I'll be putting in the plan in about two weeks, and I think people are going to like it, it's a major reduction in taxes. It's a major reduction for the middle class. The hedge fund guys won't like me as much as they like me right now. I know them all, but they'll pay more. I know people that are making a tremendous amount of money and paying virtually no tax, and I think it's unfair.Well, I heard Hugh Hewitt, a nice man, he apologized because he actually said that we had a misunderstanding. And he said today that Donald Trump is maybe the best interview there is anywhere that he has ever done. Now unless he was just saying that on CNN to be nice, but he did say that... [Crosstalk]And we had a legitimate misunderstanding in terms of his pronunciation of a word. But I would say just... [Laughter]Well, I think it was. And he actually said that. Did you say that? [Crosstalk]OK. So I will say this, though, Hugh was giving me name after name, Arab name, Arab name, and there are few people anywhere, anywhere that would have known those names. I think he was reading them off a sheet. And frankly I will have -- and I told him, I will have the finest team that anybody has put together and we will solve a lot of problems. You know, right now they know a lot and look at what is happening. The world is blowing up around us. We will have great teams and great people.I hope that answers your question. I mean, you are in the Senate, but I hope that answers your question.No, I don't think he's suggesting that at all. I mean... [Crosstalk]I don't think he's suggesting that at all.Well, you have to understand, I am not sitting in the United States Senate with, by the way, the worst voting record there is today. Number one. I am not sitting in the United States Senate. I'm a businessman doing business transactions.I am doing business transactions. I will know more about this -- and, as you said, that was very acceptable, and when you listen to that whole interview, it's a great interview, you said it, I didn't. Well, now I did. But... [Crosstalk]Listen, just one second. Just one second.I will know......I will know more about the problems of this world by the time I sit, and you look at what's going in this world right now by people that supposedly know, this world is a mess.[Inaudible][Inaudible] I'm -- and I'm meeting with people that are terrific people, but I have to say something because it's about judgment. I am the only person on this dais -- the only person -- that fought very, very hard against us, and I wasn't a sitting politician going into Iraq, because I said going into Iraq -- that was in 2003, you can check it out, check out -- I'll give you 25 different stories.In fact, a delegation was sent to my office to see me because I was so vocal about it. I'm a very militaristic person, but you have to know when to use the military. I'm the only person up here that fought against going into Iraq. [Crosstalk]Just excuse me, one second, Rand...If you don't mind, Rand -- you know, you are on last -- you do have your 1 percent. I would like -- and I think it's very important. I think it's important, because it's about judgment. It's about judgment. I didn't want to go into Iraq, and I fought it, because what I said -- what I said...... was you're going to -- you're going to destabilize...... the Middle East, and that's what happened.If you think about it...Your brother -- and your brother's administration gave us Barack Obama, because it was such a disaster, those last three months, that Abraham Lincoln couldn't have been elected.I don't know. You feel safe right now? I don't feel so safe.Or the collapse of the economy.Speaking for myself, I'm OK with it. I think there's a certain truth to it. I know people that, frankly, it has no impact on their life whatsoever. There are many people. I would almost say leave it up to them, but I would be willing to check it off, and say I will not get Social Security. I do not...As a policy, I would almost leave it up to the people. Don't forget they pay in and they pay in, and maybe they do well, and maybe some people want it. But the fact is that there are people that truly don't need it, and there are many people that do need it very, very badly. And I would be willing to write mine off 100 percent, Dana.Well, I -- I -- I'd like to respond.I'd like to respond.Autism has become an epidemic. Twenty-five years ago, 35 years ago, you look at the statistics, not even close. It has gotten totally out of control.I am totally in favor of vaccines. But I want smaller doses over a longer period of time. Because you take a baby in -- and I've seen it -- and I've seen it, and I had my children taken care of over a long period of time, over a two or three year period of time.Same exact amount, but you take this little beautiful baby, and you pump -- I mean, it looks just like it's meant for a horse, not for a child, and we've had so many instances, people that work for me. Just the other day, two years old, two and a half years old, a child, a beautiful child went to have the vaccine, and came back, and a week later got a tremendous fever, got very, very sick, now is autistic. I only say it's not -- I'm in favor of vaccines, do them over a longer period of time, same amount.But just in -- in little sections.I think -- and I think you're going to have -- I think you're going to see a big impact on autism.And that's all I'm saying, Jake. That's all I'm saying.Well, because she's been sitting for three hours, I think my daughter, Ivanka, who's right here. [Applause]Other than that we'll go with Rosa Parks. I like that.Humble. [Laughter] [Applause]If I become president, we will do something really special. We will make this country greater than ever before. We'll have more jobs.We'll have more of everything. We were discussing disease, we were discussing all sorts of things tonight, many of which will just be words, it will just pass on. I don't want to say politicians, all talk, no action.But a lot of what we talked about is words and it will be forgotten very quickly. If I'm president, many of the things that we discussed tonight will not be forgotten. We'll find solutions. And the world will respect us. They will respect us like never before. And it will be actually a friendlier world. And I have to say, it is a great honor to be here tonight. [Applause]OK. Who is next? Yes, please. Sit down. You weren't called. Sit down. Sit down. Go ahead.No, you don't. You haven't been called.No, you haven't been called. Go back to Univision. Go ahead. Go ahead. [Inaudible] Go ahead. Sit down please. You weren't called. Go.Yes, go ahead.Because I thought her questioning and her attitude was totally inappropriate. So it just -- well, if you look, all you have to do is look on the Internet and you will see who people favor in that one. But I wouldn't -- it is a very small element in my life, Megyn Kelly. I don't care about Megyn Kelly. No, I would not apologize.She should probably apologize to me but I just don't care. Yes, Katy. Go ahead.Right. We just heard about it today. And we're looking at it. We certainly have plenty of time. That doesn't come due for a long period of time. We certainly have -- September 30th. Yes, we certainly have a long period of time to think about it. So, we're thinking about it. And, look, and I say to everybody, we're leading every poll, we're leading every state from Iowa to New Hampshire to South Carolina to North Carolina, polls have come in from virtually every place and we're leading every place.We're doing incredibly nationally. The one poll came out today at 40 percent, over 40 percent. So my whole desire is just fairness. I want to run as the Republican nominee. I want to win. I think we will win. We have tremendous spirit in this party. I've been contacted by so many people that haven't voted for years.They haven't voted for year. They love the Republican Party, but they haven't wanted to vote. They're going to be out there and they're energized. We're going on win. So, I don't think it's going to matter because I think I'm going to get the nomination. And I think we're going to go on to win and we'll make America great again.so, that's all that matters to me. Well, I didn't say that. I will certainly consider it. And we have a lot of time to worry about it. Yes?I don't know. I mean, I don't know really much about him. I don't believe I ever met him, except he started screaming and I didn't escort him out. You'll have to talk to security. Whoever security escorted him out. But, certainly, he wasn't chosen. I chose you and you're asking me questions. He stands up and starts screaming.So, you know, maybe he's at fault, also. But I don't consider that. I mean, somebody walked him out. I don't know where he is. I don't mind if he doesn't come back, frankly. Yes? Yes? [Inaudible] No, I'm not. I've done meet and greets, but I don't care if anybody, you know, we have a small group where people, I guess, it's over here where people can send in, one woman sent in $7 and 30 some odd cents and wrote a beautiful letter, and people are sending in $10 and $20. And I like that kind it's not a lot of money ultimately, but I'm not doing anything about raising money.I don't care about raising money. I mean, part of my thing is frankly, I'm not controlled by anybody. These other people are raising hundreds of millions of dollars. I could do that easily. I don't want to do that. It's not necessary for me to do that. The one up in New Hampshire is just a small ticket item.And, by the way, they can come in free, they can do whatever they want. And for me, it's just a meet and greet. It's going to take place in New Hampshire and I think in Massachusetts, and it's just a very small situation and I don't consider it a fundraiser. In fact, people don't have to pay. They're just people that have been supporting me from the beginning.They're terrific people. They want to see good things happen for our country. So, I could do fundraisers and raise millions and millions of dollars and as you know, I haven't done that, nor do I want to, OK? But I do meet and greet. I have to meet people and that's part of what I'm doing and I'll be in New Hampshire, I'll be in Massachusetts, I'll be in South Carolina, I'll be in Dallas in a couple of weeks.We're going to be all over. OK? Yes?Because he was out of order. I would take questions in two seconds but he stood up and started screaming.I told you already, if he wants to come back in -- you can't stand up and scream. I was saying to somebody else to, is that correct? I was saying yes, and this guy stands up and starts screaming. He's obviously a very emotional person. OK? So I have no problem with it. I don't know him. I have no idea, but I would certainly love to have questions from him.Yes? Yes, sir? Go ahead.Her college what?Yes. We're coming out with a plan in about four weeks and I think it's going to make people very, very happy. We have so many people going all over the country. I've been asked so many times by students, what are we going to do? You know, the ultimate question is create jobs, because the biggest problem is they have college debt.They have debt all over the place, right up to their neck and they come out and can't get a job in this country. Whether it's China or Japan or Mexico, they are all taking our jobs. We need jobs in our country. Enough with what we're doing with foreign trade. So, I think that's one of the reasons we're leading by so much in the polls because know that I'm going to make good trade deals.It's not going to be this horrible situation where we get nothing. You know, if you think about China, they took our jobs. They took our money. They took our base. They took our manufacturing and we owe them $1.4 trillion. How do you figure that? It's like a magic act. We owe them $1.4 trillion right now.We owe Japan $1.4 trillion, same amount. Two countries and they sell cars to us by the millions. And we owe them money. How do you figure that? So, we're going to turn that around. Yes?Well, you saw my income is almost $500 million a year. If I want to, I can do that. At some point, the Republican Party once you get the nomination will kick in and a lot of money will come into the campaign, I would say.I don't think so. I can tell you right now. In fact, I've told people I turned down and I sort of made that, I think I told you this last week, the week before last, a lobbyist a person, very good person came to me, offered $5 million, please, I want to give you $5 million for the campaign. I said I have no interest in taking that.In fact, it's the first time I think he's ever been told down. He told me. I think it's the first time he's been turned down because I know this person, good person, smart, tough, he'll coming to me and saying in two years, in one year, in four years, he'll be representing a country, maybe a company or maybe a person, I'm not doing anything for him.So, I said I don't want to embarrass you by taking your money and then saying, I'm not going to see you. I'm working for one thing, for the people, and we're going to make the country strong and rich and great, and I hate to say rich, but we're a poor nation. We owe now $19 trillion. It's actually much more than that but it's $19 trillion.We're going to get things back in shape. This country is going to be so strong and so great and you're going to be so proud of it. So when he offered $5 million, I know he's going to be coming and it will be adverse to the people of this country. So, I didn't take his money. Yes, sir?I watched him, by the way, and he had a very small crowd and very little enthusiasm. He is a low energy person. You need a lot of energy to get this country turned around, including immigration. And the word immigration and illegal immigration you wouldn't be asking this question if it weren't for me, because when I came out and when I announced, I'm the one that started this whole thing, and I took a lot of flak the first two weeks and now everyone is apologizing to me. I mean, people in this room are apologizing to me because I brought something up that's very, very serious.I brought up the crime. I brought up all of the things that happened since, including Kate who this wonderful person from San Francisco with an incredible family who I got to know a little bit, and Jamiel who was gunned down by an illegal immigrant and so many others. The other day, in California, 66-year-old veteran, OK? 66-year- old veteran was raped, sodomized, beaten and killed by an illegal immigrant.That's few of many. That's a big problem. So, you ask the question Jeb Bush doesn't have a clue. He doesn't even have a clue. And if I weren't in this campaign, Jeb Bush would not talk about illegal immigration. If you remember, he said he come as an act of love. OK? Tell that to the families and there are many, many, many families who lost a loved one, act of love, OK? No act of love.It's tough stuff, mean stuff and it's going to be taken care of. You know, a lot of the gangs that you see in Baltimore and St. Louis and Ferguson and Chicago, you know they are illegal immigrants. They are here illegally and they're rough dudes, rough people. They are going to be gone so fast if I win that your head will spin.They're going to be gone so fast. OK? Yes, ma'am? Go ahead.Right.,Right, sure. I'm very strong toward funding for Alzheimer's and helping -- it's a terrible situation and they haven't made much progress, unfortunately. But I'm very, very strong in trying to find an answer for Alzheimer's, big problem. Yes, sir?No, no, no, I didn't say -- I said TV, I said newspapers, I read "The Wall Street Journal", I read "New York Times", I read many, many newspapers and I read many magazines, I even read especially "Time Magazine" this particularly week, you know why? Because I'm on the cover. That's why I read. But I read a lot about that.I read -- and I have people that I like and people that I respect and it's a great place. You get a cross section of everybody because you see people you never have the opportunity to see or meet and from there go and decide what you want to do. But go ahead.I do. I do they will be announced over the next two or three weeks.That would be possible but to be honest, this country is in trouble. Infrastructure is crumbling, our roads, our bridges, our airports, we're in such trouble that I'm going to spend a lot of time here. We're going to fix our country. Our bridges, 59 percent of our bridges are in trouble. Think -- whoever heard of that?I mean, in trouble. Serious trouble. We're going to fix our country. I'm going to spend a lot of time here in the United States. Yes, sir?Well, I like Scott Walker, I've always liked him. And I supported him. I actually gave him quite a bit of money. I liked his fight. I liked his drive. And he actually came to my office six months ago and gave me a trophy, gave me a beautiful plaque and I thought that was very nice. And in the end, I think people see, though, that what is happening in Wisconsin, I love the people of Wisconsin.I know Wisconsin well. I have friends that live there and they are incredible people. But if you look at what is going on in Wisconsin, I think people saw that they have a $2.2 billion budget deficit, it was supposed to be a surplus of a billion. That's tremendous. They are borrowing to a point that nobody thought possible.They are ranked number 38 in the states, which isn't exactly a good ranking, better than others that are running but frankly it's not a good ranking and they have a lot of problems and there is a lot of division in the state to put it mildly. And I think people, I do like Scott but I think people have seen what's happened in the state and he was.You know, the first, when I first announced, I was second and he was first. I think it was a 10 percent and he was at 22 percent. Now I think I'm at 22 or 24 percent and he's at six percent. I think what happened is people have really looked seriously at what is going on in Wisconsin and that has not been helpful to him, unfortunately.Yes, go ahead.Yes.That's right.Nobody that I would compare to. It's actually a great question. I love the Bible. I love the Bible. I'm a Protestant. I'm a Presbyterian. I went to Sunday school. Dr. Norman Vincent Peale, "The Power of Positive Thinking" was my pastor. He was until this day one of the great speakers I've ever seen. You hated to leave church.You hated when the sermon is over. That's how great he was. Marble Collegiate Church. And I also had a church in Jamaica, Queens, when I grew up in Queens. And it was wonderful. First Presbyterian church of Jamaica. And I was there for years. And that's where I went to Sunday school. And, you know, one of the things that's so incredible about the New Hampshire numbers is I lead with everybody.I lead with old, with young, as you saw, you saw it, everybody. But one of the groups I lead with substantially, evangelicals. And I've led in Iowa, too, with the evangelicals. Because they get it. They're incredible people that are really smart. And they want to see our country thrive. And, but the beautiful thing -- because it was such a comprehensive poll in New Hampshire and they just went over everything.Tea Party like leading by a lot. Moderates leading by a lot. Everybody. Literally, I think, I mean, you'll correct me if I'm wrong, but I led with every single group and by substantial numbers. So, I was very honored to lead but with the evangelicals. I love the evangelicals. Okay. Yes, good, absolutely.Good. Absolutely. Good to have you back.Okay.Okay.Why do you say that?Well, a lot of people think -- no, no, excuse me. A lot of people, no, no, but a lot of people think that's not right, that an act of Congress can do it. Now, it's possibly going to have to be tested in courts. But a lot of people think that if you come and you're on the other side of the border -- I'm not talking about Mexico.Somebody on the other side of the border. A woman is getting ready to have a baby, she crosses the border for one day, has the baby, all of a sudden for the next 80 years, hopefully longer but for the next 80 years we have to take care of the people. No, no, no, I don't think so. Excuse me, some of the greatest legal scholars -- and I know some of these television scholars agree with you.But some of the great legal scholars agree that that's not true. That if you come across -- excuse me, just one second.No, no, I am answering. If you come across for one day, one day, and you have a baby, now the baby is going to be an American citizen. Excuse me. There are great legal scholars, the top, that say that's absolutely wrong. It's going to be tested. Okay?Very easy. I'm a builder. That's easy. I build buildings that are -- can I tell you what's more complicated? What's more complicated is building a building that's 95 stories tall. Okay?I don't believe that. Okay. You're right. I don't believe it. And the drugs come. I see them. They have pictures, they have everything, crawling over the fences which are, by the way, this high. I mean, you have fences that are not as tall as I am. They're coming by many different ways. But the primary way is being right through, right past our border patrols who, by the way, are tremendous people.And they can do the job, but they're told not to.Here's what we're going to do. Ready? Okay.No, no. Let me tell you. We'll going to do it in a very humane fashion. Believe me. I have a bigger heart than you do. We'll going to do it in a very humane fashion. The one thing we're going to do --Okay. The one thing we're going to start with immediately are the gangs, and the real bad ones, and you do agree there are some bad ones. Do you agree with that or do you think everyone is just perfect? No, no, no, I asked you a question. Do you agree with that? We have tremendous crime, we have tremendous problems -- I can't deal with this.Listen, we have tremendous crime, we have tremendously, we have some very bad ones. And I think you would agree with that, right? Okay. There's a lot of bad ones. Real bad ones. Because you know, they looked at some of the gangs -- excuse me. They looked at some of the gangs in Baltimore, they looked at some of the gangs in Chicago, they looked even in Ferguson.They got some rough, illegal immigrants in those gangs. They're getting out. You mind if I send them out? Now, if they come from Mexico, do you mind if I send them back to Mexico? No, no, do you mind if I send them back to Mexico? [Inaudible] Okay. Those people are out. They'll going to be out so fast. Your head will spin.All right? The rest we're going to do in a -- remember, you use the word, illegal immigrant.Okay. Well, you should use it. Because that's what the definition is.Okay. Well, when they cross the border from a legal standpoint, they're illegal immigrant when they don't have their papers. And I want to make it possible and I think you'll like this. This is the part you're going to like. I want these people, the good people, I want them to come back and I want them to get documentation and get so they become legal.It's going to be -- you know what it's called, management. So, you're not used to good management because you're always talking about government. Let me just tell you, wait, wait, wait, wait. Government is incompetent. Guys like Bush and some others that I won't name, they're incompetent people. They don't have it. They don't have it. I agree, they can't do it. But I'm a great manager.I know how to manage things. I hire unbelievable people. When I look at the vets, when I look at the VA, excuse me, when I look at the VA, we spend billions of dollars and people are treated horribly. Okay? Horribly. That will work great. What we're doing here will work great. And we want to get good people back in. And also -- let me just tell you --I've given you specifics. Great management. And they'll going to hopefully come back in very soon. Okay. Another question. Wait. Yes, go ahead. Yes, sir.Money in politics. Well, I think there should be frankly more transparency. Because I see a guy like Jeb Bush with $114 million which is now higher and nobody even knows who put the money in. And they all control him like a little puppet. Okay? I know half the people. I mean, I don't know who they are because I can't find it out but as soon as they do, I will know most of them.They're friends of mine. I used to be there. I used to be the king of that. Okay? I know the system better than anybody. The fact is that whether it's Jeb or Hillary or any of them, they're all controlled by these people. And the people that control them are the special interests, the lobbyists and the donors and they're controlled.You know what the nice part about me? I don't need anybody's money. I mean, if a woman sends me the $7, I take it because that's great, because she's investing in this country in a proper way, not an improper way. But I don't need the money. It's a beautiful thing. So, if I say that I don't want Ford building in this case in Mexico or somewhere else, in all fairness, China, I want them to build here, I am not going to be hit by the Ford lobby and by all the other lobbies that you know who they are better than I do. They're not going to hit me. Because they didn't give ten cents to my campaign because I don't want their money.So, it's very important.I don't know about the limits. I think the most important thing is transparency. You have to know who you're dealing with. And right now you don't. You don't. And I'm talking about PACs in all fairness. I have good friends who like to put money into PACs. Many friends, I have some enemies too, by the way.But I have many friends. They put money in PACs. And you need transparency. You need to know who is putting up what. So when they start making deals in a year or two years or three years, you know what is happening. Okay. How about one more question. Go ahead.No, not at all. I never said that. No, I think most of them are good people. I love that question, because hopefully, maybe somebody -- no, I think most of them are very good people but they are here illegally and we're a country of laws and we're a country of borders. We have to have a border and we'll have a border and we'll have a wall and the wall is going to have a big beautiful door where people can some in legally and also where we can bring talented people.We need that in the Silicon Valley when somebody goes to Harvard, Yale, Princeton, the Wharton school of finance, we send them out as soon as they graduate. They can't stay here. It's ridiculous. They want to be here. So, then they go to their country wherever it may be, whether it's Asia, Mexico, wherever it may be and they compete against us. I don't want that.I'll have one more then, yes, ma'am? Go ahead.Where?In Wisconsin? I really don't know. I mean, I haven't got there. I would think would win -- I would think would win Wisconsin. I mean, I have a great relationship with the people in Wisconsin but, you know, I haven't started. I haven't been thinking about Wisconsin right now and Governor Walker certainly has been.I don't know what the poll is. I know this, in Florida, they just came out with a poll and I'm at 28 and Bush is much lower and Senator Rubio who is a sitting senator is much, much lower. So I don't know. I think I'll do very well in Wisconsin. I think so. Yes? Yes? Yes, sir, go ahead. Ye, go ahead. Go ahead.I don't know. Look, I have a lot of respect for Roger. We'll see. I mean, you know, maybe, maybe not. I really don't know. Look, I think they cover me terribly. FOX News, I think they cover me terribly and I'm winning by double digits in every poll. So I don't know. Maybe it matters, maybe it doesn't. I don't think I get good treatment from FOX.They certainly cover me a lot. Well, I'm being covered by everybody. I don't know. I don't know, I don't think so. Because I think they give me very bad treatment. I think FOX treats me terribly and a lot of the people that like me think they treat me terribly but I don't think, I mean, what? Do you think I was asked nice, easy questions?The other guys are saying, what are you going to do about jobs? Another one saying, do you love God? I get these questions like, what is going on here. And yet, I won in every single poll of the debate. I won. I won from drudge. I won in "Time Magazine." I won all the -- everybody thought I won the debate but I certainly had the worst questions, the most unfair questions and you know, I like FOX.I like it. But no, I think they treat me very poorly. Yes, go ahead? Yes. I'll do that. I'll do that. Sure.The which?Takes two seconds. You do a couple of tweets because when people treat me unfairly, I don't let them forget and maybe we should have more of that in this country and maybe the country wouldn't be pushed around so much. Go ahead.I think so because I'm going to bring jobs back.How much am I suing Univision for right now? No, no, no, do you know the number? No, no, no, tell me. Tell me. Do you know the number? And you know you're part of the lawsuit. How much am I suing Univision for right?Wait, wait, wait. It's 500 million.Okay. Good. And they are very concerned about it. I have to tell you. I'm very good at this stuff. Yes, go ahead.I don't think I will.I haven't started.Do you know how many Latinos --Okay. Do you know how many Latinos work for me? Do you know how many Hispanics are working for me? Okay. They love me. They love me. Do you know how many Hispanics work for me? Thousands. Do you know how many have worked for me over the years? Tens of thousands. Here is what happens, once I win, you're going to see things happen.You know what they want? They want jobs. That's what they want. In Nevada, did you see the poll of the Hispanics in the state of Nevada? Did you see -- excuse me. Big Hispanic population. I wiped everybody out, Hispanic. I won the poll. Excuse me, I'm not talking Univision. I'm talking the only poll I saw, the one that came out which was in the state of Nevada, I wiped everybody out.I wiped them out with Hispanics. You saw that, right? Did you see it? Wait. Did you see it? Okay. He's an honest guy. Now I like him. Okay. You and I will talk. We'll going to be talking a lot over the years. We will. We will. Okay. Thank you everybody.I think about it myself.Very interesting because a lot of people have been asking me because in Alabama I got very high marks for a speech and I honestly feel and it's one of the things I'll talk about, I'm always on live television and if you're on live television every three or four days you got to say things different. You can't be on the same and give the same stories, right?I think about my speeches and I don't believe in teleprompters, although it's easy, huh, I'd like to go up and stand up and read a speech for half an hour and just leave. But you know what happens? You wouldn't have sold out crowds like we have outside. You wouldn't have 30,000 people like we had in Alabama.You wouldn't have the crowd that we had the other night in New Hampshire. You just wouldn't have it. It's not the same. In fact, I jokingly say if you're running for president, you shouldn't be allowed to use teleprompters. So, I think about my speeches a lot. I think about what I'm going to say, but I essentially don't use notes, and I definitely don't read the speeches because I think it's much easier, but you know what happens, you don't have the same vibrant.I do a lot of things by myself. People would be surprised. People are shocked at how smart I am, right? Okay. Thank you. Thank you.I fully understand.I fully understand.I cannot say. I have to respect the person that, if it's not me, the person that wins, if I do win, and I'm leading by quite a bit, that's what I want to do. I can totally make that pledge. If I'm the nominee, I will pledge I will not run as an independent. But -- and I am discussing it with everybody, but I'm, you know, talking about a lot of leverage. We want to win, and we will win. But I want to win as the Republican. I want to run as the Republican nominee.Well, I've given him plenty of money.I will not make the pledge at this time.Only Rosie O'Donnell. [Laughter]Thank you.Yes, I'm sure it was.I think the big problem this country has is being politically correct. [Applause] I've been challenged by so many people, and I don't frankly have time for total political correctness. And to be honest with you, this country doesn't have time either.This country is in big trouble. We don't win anymore. We lose to China.We lose to Mexico both in trade and at the border. We lose to everybody. And frankly, what I say, and oftentimes it's fun, it's kidding. We have a good time. What I say is what I say. And honestly Megyn, if you don't like it, I'm sorry. I've been very nice to you, although I could probably maybe not be, based on the way you have treated me. But I wouldn't do that. [Applause] But you know what, we -- we need strength, we need energy, we need quickness and we need brain in this country to turn it around. That, I can tell you right now.So, if it weren't for me, you wouldn't even be talking about illegal immigration, Chris. You wouldn't even be talking about it. [Applause]This was not a subject that was on anybody's mind until I brought it up at my announcement. And I said, Mexico is sending. Except the reporters, because they're a very dishonest lot, generally speaking, in the world of politics, they didn't cover my statement the way I said it.The fact is, since then, many killings,murders, crime, drugs pouring across the border, are money going out and the drugs coming in. And I said we need to build a wall, and it has to be built quickly. And I don't mind having a big beautiful door in that wall so that people can come into this country legally. But we need, Jeb, to build a wall, we need to keep illegals out. [Applause, Cheering]Border Patrol, I was at the border last week. Border Patrol, people that I deal with, that I talk to, they say this is what's happening. Because our leaders are stupid. Our politicians are stupid. And the Mexican government is much smarter, much sharper, much more cunning. And they send the bad ones over because they don't want to pay for them. They don't want to take care of them. Why should they when the stupid leaders of the United States will do it for them? And that's what is happening whether you like it or not. [Applause, Cheering]A complete disaster, yes.Correct.First of all, I'd like to just go back to one. In July of 2004, I came out strongly against the war with Iraq, because it was going to destabilize the Middle East. And I'm the only one on this stage that knew that and had the vision to say it. And that's exactly what happened.And the Middle East became totally destabilized. So I just want to say. As far as single payer, it works in Canada.It works incredibly well in Scotland. It could have worked in a different age, which is the age you're talking about here. What I'd like to see is a private system without the artificial lines around every state.I have a big company with thousands and thousands of employees. And if I'm negotiating in New York or in New Jersey or in California, I have like one bidder. Nobody can bid. You know why? Because the insurance companies are making a fortune because they have control of the politicians, of course, with the exception of the politicians on this stage. But they have total control of the politicians. They're making a fortune. Get rid of the artificial lines and you will have... [Buzzer]-- yourself great plans. And then we have to take care of the people that can't take care of themselves. And I will do that through a different system. [Crosstalk]I'm not -- I'm not are -- I don't think you heard me. You're having a hard time tonight.You'd better believe it.If I ask them, if I need them, you know, most of the people on this stage I've given to, just so you understand, a lot of money.Many of them.Not much.But I... [Crosstalk]-- Donald, if you... [Crosstalk]I have good...Good.Sounds good. Sounds good to me, Governor. I will tell you that our system is broken. I gave to many people, before this, before two months ago, I was a businessman. I give to everybody. When they call, I give. And do you know what? When I need something from them two years later, three years later, I call them, they are there for me.And that's a broken system.Well, I'll tell you what, with Hillary Clinton, I said be at my wedding and she came to my wedding. You know why? She didn't have a choice because I gave. I gave to a foundation that, frankly, that foundation is supposed to do good. I didn't know her money would be used on private jets going all over the world. It was. But... [Buzzer] [Crosstalk]Because I have used the laws of this country just like the greatest people that you read about every day in business have used the laws of this country, the chapter laws, to do a great job for my company, for myself, for my employees, for my family, et cetera. I have never gone bankrupt, by the way. I have never. But out of hundreds of deals...Excuse me. Excuse me.Excuse me, what am I saying? Out of hundreds of deals that I've done, hundreds, on four occasions I've taken advantage of the laws of this country, like other people. I'm not going to name their names because I'm not going to embarrass, but virtually every person that you read about on the front page of the business sections, they've used the law. The difference is, when somebody else uses those laws, nobody writes about it.When I use it, they say, "Trump, Trump, Trump." The fact is, I built a net worth of more than $10 billion. I have a great, great company. I employ thousands of people. And I'm very proud of the job I did. Again Chris, hundreds and hundreds of deals. Four times, I've taken advantage of the laws. And frankly, so has everybody else in my position.Well, I...Let me just tell you about the lenders. First of all, these lenders aren't babies. These are total killers.These are not the nice, sweet little people that you think, OK? [Laughter] [Applause] You know, I mean you're living in a world of the make-believe, Chris, you want to know the truth. [Applause] And I had the good sense to leave Atlantic City, which by the way, Caesars just went bankrupt. Every company, Chris can tell you, every company virtually in Atlantic City went bankrupt.[Laughter] Every company. And let me just tell you. I had the good sense, and I've gotten a lot of credit in the financial pages, seven years ago I left Atlantic City before it totally cratered, and I made a lot of money in Atlantic City, and I'm very proud of it. I want to tell you that. Very, very proud of it.And by the way, this country right now owes $19 trillion. And they need somebody like me to straighten out that mess. [Applause]I don't think they like me very much. I'll tell you what. I've evolved on many issues over the years.And you know who else has? Is Ronald Reagan evolved on many issues. And I am pro-life. And if you look at the question, I was in business.They asked me a question as to pro-life or choice. And I said if you let it run, that I hate the concept of abortion. I hate the concept of abortion.And then since then, I've very much evolved. And what happened is friends of mine years ago were going to have a child, and it was going to be aborted. And it wasn't aborted.And that child today is a total superstar, a great, great child. And I saw that. And I saw other instances. And I am very, very proud to say that I am pro-life. As far as being a Republican is concerned, I come from a place, New York City, which is virtually, I mean, it is almost exclusively Democrat. And I have really started to see some of the negatives -- as an example, and I have a lot of liking for this man, but the last number of months of his brother's administration were a catastrophe. And unfortunately, those few months gave us President Obama. And you can't be happy about that. [Applause]First of all, Jeb, I am very happy that you denied that, and I appreciate that very much. He is a true gentleman. He really is.One thing he did say, and I mean that. The one thing he did say about me, however, was my tone. And I also understand that. But when you have people that are cutting Christians' heads off, when you have a world that the border and at so many places, that it is medieval times, we've never -- it almost has to be as bad as it ever was in terms of the violence and the horror, we don't have time for tone. We have to go out and get the job done. [Applause]I would be so different from what you have right now. Like, the polar opposite. We have a president who doesn't have a clue. I would say he's incompetent, but I don't want to do that because that's not nice. [Laughter]But if you look at the deals we make, whether it's the nuclear deal with 24 hour periods -- and by the way, before you get to the 24 hours, you have to go through a system. You look at Sergeant Bergdahl, we get Bergdahl, a traitor, and they get five of the big, great killers leaders that they want. We have people in Washington that don't know what they're doing. Now... [Applause]I agree. [Applause]Now, with Iran, we're making a deal, you would say, we want him. We want out our prisoners. We want all these things, and we don't get anything. We're giving them $150 billion dollars plus, they are going to be -- I'll tell you what, if Iran was a stock, you folks should go out and buy it right now because you'll quadruple -- this, what's happening in Iran, is a disgrace, and it's going to lead to destruction in large portions of the world. [Applause]Our country is in serious trouble. We don't win anymore. We don't beat China in trade. We don't beat Japan, with their millions and millions of cars coming into this country, in trade. We can't beat Mexico, at the border or in trade. We can't do anything right. Our military has to be strengthened. Our vets have to be taken care of. We have to end Obamacare, and we have to make our country great again, and I will do that. Thank you.I would like to introduce, first, the mayor. He's going to say a few words. Then I will say a few words. We were treated so nicely. We learned so much in such a quick period of time. But the mayor has done a fantastic job. Mr. Mayor.Thank you, Pete. Thank you very much.[Video Begins] Well, thank you very much for being here. It's been an amazing experience. Mexico is booming, absolutely booming. And Jesus, the city manager, and Pete have done an amazing job right here.But a lot of what's happening here is because of the fact that Mexico is doing so well. It's just doing beyond -- beyond what anybody ever thought. And I don't know if that's good for the United States, but it's good for Mexico. Anybody have any questions?Yes, I think we will win the Hispanic vote. I have thousands of Mexicans and Hispanics. And I think when it comes right down -- I don't know if you saw the poll, but they just did a big poll in Nevada, the state of Nevada. And I'm way ahead. And more importantly as far as I'm concerned, I'm way, way ahead with the Hispanics, well into the 30s, which -- and I think second is like 11.So I have a great relationship. Over the years, thousands and thousands of Hispanics have worked for me and now work for me. And the relationship is very good. Question. [Crosstalk]How many people killed?Yes.I agree with that. No, I agree with that. And they come through here. But they come from all over the world. I agree with that. [Crosstalk]There's great danger with the illegals. And we're just discussing that. But we have a tremendous danger on the border with the illegals coming in. Yes, ma'am.Yes, I have. And I have heard it. And I have heard it from a lot of different people. And, in fact, as you know, the Border Patrol was the one that invited me. I think most of you have that invitation. We sent it. The Border Patrol invited me. And then they canceled, because, frankly, they don't want to get involved. They know the problem.The reason they invited me was because of the tremendous problem and the tremendous crime and all of the things that you're talking about. So, they invited me. And then, at the last moment I mean, we were virtually in the air and they said, we can't get involved. And I heard they got those orders from Washington.We will be showing you the evidence.Well, you know, I have -- we just landed and there were a lot of people at the airport. And they were all waving American flags and they were all in favor of Trump and what I'm doing, and virtually everyone that we saw. There was such a great, warm -- I was actually surprised. But there was such great warmth at the airport with all of those people that were there. So, we're very, very honored. Yes, go ahead. [Crosstalk]No, they were chanting for me.I didn't see that.Well, I think meeting the mayor and meeting Jesus, the city manager. I think these are tremendous people. They're doing a tremendous job. Come on, Jesus. Say a word. This man -- I'm going to steal him to run something for me. He's fantastic, the city manager.No, no, not at all. There are different sections. This is one section, but there are different sections. [Crosstalk]Well, the one thing you have to do, and as Jesus was saying and as the mayor was saying, there is a huge problem with the illegals coming through. And in this section, it's a problem. In some sections, it's a massive problem. And you have to do -- you have to create -- you have to make the people that come in, they have to be legal. Very simple. [Crosstalk]You have to let people do their job, the Border Patrols, which, by the way, it seems the unions are very much involved with the Border Patrols. But have to let them do their job. They want to do their job. That's why they invited me, that they invited me. I didn't come here. The Border Patrols invited me because they have got such a problem. They want to be able to do their job. If they can't do their job, believe me, they're unhappy. They want to be able to do their job. [Crosstalk]Yes, in certain sections, you have to have a wall, absolutely. And, by the way, the wall -- the wall will save you a tremendous amount of money. But you absolutely -- there are areas that you have to have the wall. [Crosstalk]The who?I don't know anything about it. [Crosstalk]No, they weren't insulted, because the press misinterprets my words.The first thing we have to do is strengthen our borders. And after that, we're going to have plenty of time to talk about it. Thank you very much. Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Thank you.